Skip Navigation
National Grid Co USA

Search Jobs

Search Keyword [                    ]

City, State, or ZIP [                    ]

Radius [Enter Radius]

Search

Job Description

Apply Now

Data Scientist

Job ID 20163509 Date posted 10/05/2016
Description

About the Position: 

Analyze data and activities to provide relevant and up to date information,
insight, and/or tools to support decision-making and the effective working of
National Grid.  Enable a cultural change towards Data Driven decision-making
through the use and implementation of analytical tools. 

“Data Scientist: Person who is better at statistics than any software engineer
and better at software engineering than any statistician.”



Position Responsibilities (including but not limited to):


The Data Scientist is responsible for working to provide data driven solutions
and conclusions  from several different sources of information in a variety of
different formats; using analysis techniques that range from the simple to the
advanced.  The incumbent is expected to have a broad based knowledge of
Statistical & Probabilistic Analyses, Data Engineering, and Programming/
Software Development.  Holistic Problem Engineering Skill Set, Superior
Communication Skills, Industry Knowledge, and a Natural Motivation and
Curiosity to Learn are a prerequisite.  Incumbents should be prepared to work
in a highly multi-tasked environment with rapidly changing business
priorities.  Abilities to work cross functionally and in an Agile Team Setting
are a must.


The Incumbent will be expected to:

  • Work with extremely large data sets, i.e. “Big Data”.
  • Determine the best methods of integrating data from several different
    sources and formats for use in Advanced Data Analyses.
  • Employ sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning, and statistical
    methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling.
  • Prepare and clean data for use in advanced analysis.
  • Learn new data sources and determine how best to use the data in advanced
    analyses.
  • Holistically engineer the business problem to be solved by working with
    both Business, Process, and Technical Resources.
  • Devise data driven solutions to problems that have been engineered and work
    to execute on those solutions.
  • Communicate and liaise between the Technical, Process, and Business Teams
    to ensure the proper use of Data Drive Solutions and Conclusions. 

  • Communication Skills

    oA willingness to be proactive in sharing thoughts and opinions.

    oCapacity to communicate technically and in laymen’s terms.

    oComfortable interacting with all levels of the organization.

  • Ability to learn and use multiple data models quickly.
  • Ability to integrate data models and use analytic environments from a data
    modeling standpoint.
  • Experimental Design.
  • Understanding of Data Mining and Machine Learning Techniques.
  • Ability to learn multiple programming languages/Database Engines for the
    purposes of analyzing and using data; not software development.
      □ R
      □ SQL
      □ Python
      □ Ruby
      □ Oracle
      □ SQL Server
  • Machine learning tools and techniques (e.g. k-nearest neighbors, random
    forests, ensemble methods, etc.).
  • Software engineering skills (e.g. distributed computing, algorithms and
    data structures).
  • Data visualization (e.g. ggplot and d3.js) and reporting techniques.
  • Unstructured data techniques.
  • Ability to Learn Geo-Spatial Analysis and Presentation Skills.
      □ ESRI Skill Set.

  • Ability to set up a sound Measurement System.
  • Statistical and Mathematical background.
      □ Math (e.g. linear algebra, calculus and probability).
      □ Statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing and summary statistics).
  • Business Analytics
      □ NPV, DCF.
      □ Cost Benefit Analysis.
      □ Experimental Design.
  • Ability to utilize Data Mining Techniques to segment/classify customers,
    predict likelihood of product adoption, and profile Customer base from not
    only an an algorithmic standpoint, but a conclusion and insight drawing
    perspective, from tools and data that do not lend themselves to algorithmic
    solutions.



Qualifications

Knowledge & Experience Required:

  • Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Engineering, Sciences,
    Economics, Finance, Computer Science or equivalent) is strongly preferred,
    with a background in computer programming and/or a minimum of 3-5 years
    experience in advanced modeling desired.  Additional preference would be
    given to a candidate with a PhD degree in a quantitative discipline.
     Exceptional candidates considered with Bachelor’s degree or Master’s
    degree in progress.
  • Expert within their field. Extensive and significant knowledge of one field
    of work or broad technical depth in multiple, related fields sufficient to
    lead programs or projects.
  • Knowledge of relevant industry practice and legislation.  Knowledge of
    current trends within the industry and developments in legislation or
    regulation.
  • Proficient in relevant software.  Ability to program in R, Python, SQL,
    etc. for modeling purposes.
  • Knowledge of industry operations and practices, with the ability to discuss
    concepts and value propositions.
  • Knowledge of National Grid’s policies and processes and how to apply them
    effectively.
  • Experience of managing project teams and projects independently.
  • Experience in strategic value of analytical tools in driving process/
    performance excellence.


This position is one of National Grid’s career path roles which provide for
promotional opportunities within and across salary bands as you develop and
evolve in the position by gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and
applying technical skills.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of
talent, knowledge, experience and expertise.We foster a culture of inclusion t
hat drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the
communities we serve.National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action
employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and
protected veterans to join the National Grid team.

Job

:Cust & Market Analytics

Primary Location

:NY-Brooklyn

Organisation

:Cust & Market Analytics

Schedule

:Full-time

Job Posting

:Oct 5, 2016, 1:18:32 PM

Unposting Date

:Ongoing
Apply Now

Join Our Team

Email Address[                    ]

Areas of InterestSearch by Category, Location or a combination of the two and
click "Add"

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  • Data Analytics, Brooklyn, New York, United StatesRemove
  • Cust & Market Analytics, Brooklyn, New York, United StatesRemove
  • Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Sign Up]

Featured Jobs

  • Associate Business Analyst
  • IS Business Consultant
  • Supplier Diversity Analyst
  • Analyst/Senior Analyst, Process Excellence
  • Manager, Complex Construction - Gas
  • Analyst/Senior. Analyst, Rate Case

play video
Brooklyn Location

Check out where you could be working if you apply.

[gmap-thumb]

  • US
  • News
  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms And Conditions
  • Site Map
  • Reasonable Accommodation
  • EEO Statement

Connect with us:

  • Twitter
  • Facebook
  • YouTube
  • Instagram


Copyright © 2015 National Grid USA Service Company, Inc. All rights reserved.
