The NPD Group Careers

Data Scientist

Research Science Rosemont, Illinois

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply

About you
You’re a passionate, dynamic, and highly motivated individual who’s looking for
an opportunity to have an impact on some of the most well-known companies in
the world. This integral member of the Research Science team will report
directly to the Executive Director, Research Science. If you enjoy working with
clients to influence their business solutions, this job is for you.

Position Overview:
Our Data Scientists play a key role in developing, testing, and rolling out new
and enhanced statistical modeling methodologies. The position will be located
in Rosemont, IL or Port Washington, NY.

Overall Responsibilities:
• Conduct original research-on-research (e.g., through simulations and/or
evaluations of historical data) to improve methodologies, processes, and data
integrity for both survey and scanner (point-of-sale) data.

• Engage in challenges such as investigating unexpected results and
brainstorming alternative methodological solutions.

• Perform statistical programming work to automate these solutions via SAS
macros or R functions (both writing new code and enhancing existing code).

• Execute research projects for both internal and external clients – including
research design, data analysis, and the presentation/communication of results.

Qualifications:
• 2+ years of work experience in research methodologies, with solid breadth and
depth of knowledge of statistical techniques.

• Excellent project management, time management and creative problem solving
skills.

• Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to
communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.

• Experience with data analysis in SAS is required. In addition, more extensive
SAS proficiency and/or familiarity with R preferred.

• Degree in statistics, quantitative social science, computer science, or
related fields is required. Graduate-level experience preferred.

Relationships
The ideal candidate must be comfortable and effective when talking with a broad
range of decision influencers and decision makers within an organization. The
candidate will be able to effectively understand and build relationships
throughout the prospective customer's organization.

Discipline
The ideal candidate will be competent in managing their time and activities and
must embrace our proven opportunity and customer management processes and
systems. Candidates must possess a "can-do" perspective in their professional
attitude. They will be detail oriented and demonstrate a strong work ethic.
They will be sticklers for accuracy in their own work as well as their
colleagues. They will be ready to back up their assertions with facts.

The NPD Group, Inc. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard
to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national
origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Company Description
The NPD Group provides market information and analytic solutions that drive
better decision-making and better results. The world’s leading brands rely on
us to help them get the right products in the right places for the right
people. Practice areas include apparel, appliances, automotive, beauty,
consumer electronics, diamonds, e-commerce, entertainment, fashion accessories,
food consumption, foodservice, footwear, home, mobile, office supplies, retail,
sports, technology, toys, video games, and watches / jewelry. For more
information, visit npd.com and npdgroupblog.com. Follow us on Twitter:
@npdgroup.

Apply Apply Later
← Back to Current Openings
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Powered by Jobvite

