Fractal Industries Careers

Data Analytics Engineer - Cyber

Engineering Reston, Virginia

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apply

Description

Data Analytics Engineer - Cyber

Location:         Reston, VA
Reports to:      Director Cyber Technology
Start Date:      Immediately
  

About Fractal 

Fractal is tackling the most challenging problem in information technology ?
reliably helping companies make the best possible decisions with the most
relevant data and best available algorithms.  By combining the most important
aspects of data analytics, modeling simulation, and artificial intelligence/
deep learning into Fractal OS, we have built the next generation operating
system for the enterprise.

Our proprietary technology allows enterprises to monitor complex real-world
systems, model potential outcomes, efficiently allocate resources and manage
risk in real-time. We are currently focused on the finance sector with specific
applications for cyber-physical security, insurance and high-frequency trading,
leveraging our SaaS platform to translate complex systems planning and
operations into actionable metrics.

We pride ourselves on integrity, humility, resourcefulness, collaboration and
our ability to tackle the world?s most demanding problems and are looking for
exceptional talent to help us grow.

If this type of environment sounds exciting, we would encourage you to look in
detail at the job summary.  Fractal has not released any public information
about our technology platform or business. So, if there is a strong fit, please
reach out to us directly at https://app.jobvite.com/j?aj=o7tR3fwe&s=DAE-Cyber.

Job Summary 

Our Data Analytics Engineer will engineer elegant and performant analytic code,
predominantly in Scala (and Spark), C++, and Python.  You will join a growing
multi-disciplinary team of Data Scientists, Engineers, and Solutions Experts
with deep domain knowledge working to develop new capabilities and workflows to
solve real-world client problems. 

Your work will include ?notebook?-style ad hoc analytic development (similar to
tools such as Beaker, Julia, Zeppelin) within the Fractal OS SaaS platform as
well as true server-side analytic development.  Projects may include near
real-time and batch-oriented data processing for analytics and simulation
modeling.  As an internal user of the Fractal platform, your experience will
inform the development of the Fractal product suite to improve capability,
usability and performance. 

Our ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic, fantastic attitude and be
comfortable tackling any challenge set before him or her. We provide
significant flexibility and autonomy to team members, have high expectations
and expect everyone to contribute meaningfully to our broader collective
goals. 

Responsibilities 

  * Developing state-of-the-art analytics ranging from ad hoc analysis to
    production-grade pipelines and workflows for customer applications
  * Providing mathematical algorithms and implementations to serve the needs of
    data analysis workflows in Fractal?s modular SaaS platform
  * Understanding customer business challenges and sourcing the most
    appropriate data sets, algorithms, and architectures (using Fractal OS) to
    solve them quickly and cost-effectively
  * Refactor algorithms created by our Data Scientists into production-quality
    and operational code
  * Working collaboratively to ensure consistent and performant approaches for
    analytical code
  * Interacting directly with client project team members and operational staff
    to support live customer deployments 

Qualifications 

  * Reside in the greater Washington D.C. area or be able to relocate
  * 2+ years of data analytics experience
  * Expert knowledge of Scala and Python
  * Expert knowledge of SQL
  * Experience applying advanced mathematics and machine learning to
    information security ? where there are additional unique challenges
    resulting from the adversarial nature of the domain
  * Experience with network security monitoring tools and analysis approaches
  * Interest and experience in data analytic technologies which may include
    tools such as Apache Spark, Apache Pig, AWS Pipelines, Google Dataflow and
    MapReduce
  * Experience with agile development within commercial projects or elite
    non-commercial research
  * Adept at learning and applying new technologies and solving new problems
  * Experience blending analytic and simulation modeling approaches to problem
    solving
  * Effective organizational skills with strong attention to detail
  * Strong communication skills - both written and verbal 

Desirable 

  * Experience with other functional programming languages including Erlang
  * Advanced mathematical modeling skills
  * Experience with Kerberos and Active Directory
  * Experience with OSQuery, server and application monitoring agents, and
    advanced endpoint tools
  * Working knowledge of Docker, Mesos, Mesosphere, Saltstack, Ansible, Puppet,
    and Chef
  * Experience with infosec topics including fuzzing, malware analysis,
    incident response, etc?

Compensation & Benefits 

  * Competitive salary
  * Incentive stock options
  * Full range of benefits starting day one, including 401(k) and medical,
    dental and vision coverage
  * Flexible "Personal Time Off (PTO)? plan and 10+ paid holiday days per year

Contact Us 

  * Apply for this role at https://app.jobvite.com/j?aj=o7tR3fwe&s=DAE-Cyber.
  * Please include a cover letter and your current resume with all inquiries

Apply Apply Later
? Back to Current Openings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Powered by Jobvite

