Skip Navigation
Toggle navigation [9_box] Menu

  * [menu_icon_] Search
  * [menu_icon_] My Account
  * [menu_icon_] Saved Jobs (0)
  * [menu_icon_] Sign In

Job Posting

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quantitative Analyst

  * Job ID #: 9268
  * Functional Area: Financial Services
  * Employment Type: Full-Time Regular
  * Education Required: Bachelors Degree

  * Location: Oklahoma City, OK
  * Department: Treasury
  * Hours of Work: Monday - Friday
  * Experience Required: 1 - 3 Years

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Email a Friend [Save] [Apply Now]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Position Description:
The Quantitative Analyst will be responsible for assisting in building and
documenting the risk models used to quantify and project the company?s growth
and credit projections based on regression modeling of historical bank data,
and historical/forecasts of key econometric variables published by the
regulators. The risk modeling and the resulting risk quantification will be
used to influence strategic decisions by Executive Management and the Board of
Directors, and drive compliance with the regulatory directives under the
Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III, and guidance relative to required stress testing and
capital management for financial institutions (Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test ?
DFAST


Position Requirements:
Excellent quantitative, analytical, and technical skills, including hands-on,
practical experience with several of the following techniques, Linear and
non-linear regression, Maximum likelihood estimation and Time series estimation
and forecasting. Experience running regression models, such as SAS, R, Matlab
or GRETL.

Bachelors or Masters in degree in economics, statistics or related quantitative
field.


We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any
employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national
origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and
basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

jobDetails
