UCLA Health Careers
[SEARCH BY KEYWORD(S)] [Submit]
Menu

  * Job Search & Apply
  * Working Here
      + Benefits
      + Mission, Vision, Philosophy
      + Diversity
      + History / Awards & Recognition
      + Life in LA
      + Employee Stories
  * Career Areas
      + Nursing
      + Allied Health
      + Non-Clinical Roles
  * Physician Careers
  * Research Careers
  * New Grads & Interns
      + Administrative Residencies
      + Nursing New Graduates
      + Allied Health Residencies
  * Locations
  * FAQs

  * Working Here
      + Mission, Vision, Philosophy
      + History / Awards & Recognition
      + Diversity
      + Life in LA
      + Employee Stories
  * Benefits
      + Health
      + Retirement
      + Insurance
      + Family
      + Live Life Well
      + Time Off
  * Career Areas
      + Nursing
      + Allied Health
      + Non-Clinical Roles
  * New Grads & Interns
      + Administrative Residencies
      + Nursing New Graduates
      + Allied Health Residencies
  * Locations
  * Physician Careers
  * Research Careers

  * Job Search & Apply

Employee Stories

  * [UCLA_JobBl]
  * [UCLA_JobBl]
  * [UCLA_JobBl]
  * [UCLA_JobBl]
  * [UCLA_JobBl]

Radiology at UCLAImage of Radiology at UCLAFind Out More
Weather and Surf Report

Santa Monica
H: ? L: ?

?

5 Day

      ?  ?

      ?  ?

      ?  ?

      ?  ?

      ?  ?

SURF
[wave-temp]
[wave-feet]
[fb-btn]
Click To Apply

Data Scientist and Application Programmer

Job Duties

The incumbent will serve as a data scientist and application programmer in the
service of the UCLA Department of Radiological Sciences. Projects will include
developing methodologies and algorithms for analyzing and visualizing large,
complicated clinical data sets. In addtion, the incumbant will also work on
designing, implementing, testing, and maintaining clinical web-based
applications and databases. The incumbant will have the opportunity to work
with faculty researchers, clinicians, and IT staff to translate innovations in
natural language processing, medical image processing, and machine learning
into cutting-edge biomedical applications. The incumbent is expected to work in
accordance with all institutional and regulatory policies governing
confidentiality of protected health information in clinical and research
practice. Incumbent will report to faculty members. Incumbent is expected to
meet deadlines established by faculty members and all involved developers.
Incumbent is expected to perform duties largely independently. Think creatively
to apply current research tools, or design new tools, for the analysis of
large, complex clinical datasets. Lead programming of web-based applications
using Java, RESTful services, HTML, SQL, CSS, JSON, SSL, XML, and JavaScript to
combine and visualize clinical data from disparate sources. Design and
implement backend code and SQL databases for clinical and research projects
including schema design, security, administration, backup procedures, and ETL
procedures from source data repository. Must work independently, but interact
well with others in a team environment, including liaising with counterparts.
Must devote significant efforts to unit testing, bug fixing, and satisfying
user requirements. Must be able to adapt and work efficiently under evolving
technological demands as projects proceed.

Job Qualifications

Technical expertise in a programming language such as Java, Python, or C++.
Technical expertise in web development frameworks and technologies such as
Grails, Django, Node.js, JSON, REST, JSP, Javascript, HTML, CSS, XML, AJAX.
Experience in configuring and working in Apache web application environments.
Knowledge and experience in the development of entity-relationship databases,
with technical expertise in SQL. Ability to comply with regulatory policies
surrounding protected health information. Must have the ability to ensure
projects meet all business requirements and conform to development standards
and guidelines. Excellent oral and written communication skills, including
demonstrated ability to write clear, concise and comprehensive system
documentation and office correspondence. Working knowledge of applications such
as MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, and e-mail, communications protocols and
communication software. Interpersonal skills to work effectively with staff,
faculty and other administrators in the UCLA information technology arena.
Self-direction to tackle new problems and overcome barriers within the scope of
departmental research projects. BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering,
Information Science, or related field. Two years of relevant professional
experience or MS in Computer Science, Biomedical Informatics, Electrical
Engineering, Information Science, or related field. PhD in Computer Science,
Electrical Engineering, Information Science, Biomedical informatics, or related
field.Experience with machine learning fundamentals and analysis tools (e.g.,
Matlab, SciPy, NumPy, RapidMiner, Torch, etc.). Basic knowledge of statistical
analysis methodologies and tools (e.g., Stata, SAS, etc.). Knowledge and
experience in information extraction from unstructured free-text data.
Knowledge and experience in data standardization and cleaning techniques (e.g.,
coding methods, de-identification of sensitive data, etc.). Familiarity with
clinical data models and standards (e.g., HL7, DICOM, Epic Clarity, etc.)

Click To Apply

Back to Search Result [arrow_righ] Bookmark Job [arrow_righ] Search Again 
[arrow_righ]

Summary Information

  * Job Title: Data Scientist and Application Programmer
  * UCLA Title: Programmer/Analyst III
  * Job Num.: H80894
  * Work Hours: M-F/8:00am-5:00pm
  * Work Location: 924 Westwood Blvd. Suite 420
  * Job Type: Career
  * Duration: Indef.
  * Minimum Salary: $28.38 / $4938
  * Maximum Salary: $56.03 / $9750
  * Layoff Referral Deadline: 12/02/2015
  * Bargaining Unit: 99

Please be advised that ALL new hires will be required to successfully complete
a criminal background investigation and a medical examination, which includes a
drug screening, prior to employment at UCLA Health. The receipt of satisfactory
responses to reference requests, and the provision of satisfactory proof of an
applicant's identity and legal authority to work in the United States are also
required. Any misrepresentation, falsification or material omission may result
in a candidate's failure to receive an offer, or if already hired, an immediate
dismissal from employment.

In an effort to promote and maintain a healthy environment for our patients,
visitors, and employees, UCLA Health is a smoke-free site.

UCLA Health Disability Resources Privacy Practices Site Map Terms / ?2012 UC
Regents
     
[bla]
[header]

At UCLA Health, we achieve excellence in patient care consistently by following
the steps outlined in CICARE.

CICARE is an acronym that describes specific behaviors that are guaranteed to
result in excellent communication with patients, families and colleagues.

Every UCLA Health employee, physician and volunteer holds themselves and their
colleagues accountable for practicing these six steps with everyone on every
encounter.

CICARE video

CLICK ON THE ABOVE VIDEO TO LEARN MORE ABOUT CICARE.

[agree_btn]

Please confirm that you
agree with CICARE

Connect with the patient and their family members by addressing them as Mr./
Ms., or by the name they prefer.

Introduce yourself and your role.

Communicate what you are going to do, how long it is going to take, and how it
will impact the patient.

Ask permission before examining the patient and anticipate patient and/or
family needs, questions or concerns.

Respond to patient and/or family questions and requests with immediacy.

Exit courteously and/or with an explanation of what will come next (or when you
will be back to check on them).

