battelle Logo

Battelle Memorial Institute Jobs

Mobile battelle Logo
Where [Alexandria, VA      ] city, state, country
What [                    ] job title, keywords
[search]
Home View All Jobs (160)
Battelle Memorial Institute Principal Research Scientist in Alexandria, 
Virginia

Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and
resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply
scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail and we invest
in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us
share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle
critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and
environmental management. Battelle?s work is grounded in the belief that
science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more
competitive and the world a better place.

We are currently seeking a Principal Research Scientist. This position is
located in Alexandria, VA.

JOB DESCRIPTION

This Principal Research Scientist will function primarily as a Program Analyst
while supporting the Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office (CTTSO),
Technical Support Working Group (TSWG), Improvised Device Defeat (IDD)
subgroup. The CTTSO program supports diverse interagency and international
advanced technology development for combating terrorism requirements. It
includes technology capability development, proof-of-principle demonstrations
in field applications, and coordination to transition from development to
operational use.

The IDD subgroup?s objective is to provide rapid prototyping, capability
development and delivery of advanced technologies, tools, and information to
improve the operational capabilities of federal, state, and local bomb squads
and the U.S. military Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) community to defeat and
neutralize the full spectrum of terrorist explosive devices. In collaboration
with military, federal, state, and local agencies, the IDD Subgroup identifies
and prioritizes multi-agency user requirements through joint working groups.
Program Analysts then actively work with vendors and end-users to deliver
advanced prototype systems that provide more efficiency and a greater degree of
safety for Bomb Technicians to investigate, access, evaluate, and if needed
render safe or dispose of suspect devices whether emplaced, person borne,
vehicle borne or water borne.

This Principal Research Scientist will support the TSWG IDD subgroup by
providing technical, programmatic, financial, and in some cases operational
support. Ideal candidates shall have Master of Science degree in engineering or
physical science, project management experience and at least 10 years?
experience in development of tools and technologies for render safe experience,
in multiple mediums including underwater operations.

Position Responsibilities:

  * Ensure successful execution and delivery of multiple research and
    development projects in support of the IDD Program and Program Manager.

  * Assist with the process to gather and define requirements, (i.e., the
    development/translation of operational gaps into requirements that can be
    satisfied).

  * Assist in solicitation preparation and coordinate the source selection
    process.

  * Provide technical advice and assistance; review proposed solutions for
    technical feasibility, (Quad Charts, White Papers, and Full Proposals).

  * Develop procurement packages resulting from Broad Agency Announcements
    (BAAs) and other vendor solicitations including Statements of Work,
    Technical Evaluations, Independent Cost Estimates, Contract Data
    Requirements List, etc.

  * Participate in Kick-Off Meeting, Preliminary Design Reviews, Critical
    Design Review, etc. (Requires travel).

  * Plan, organize, execute, analyze, and perform technical work; organize
    project resources; manage budget; project deliverables; and other related
    project management activities for multiple projects.

  * Assist with the project and financial management to ensure successful
    delivery of research and development efforts within scope, cost, and
    schedule and ensure successful outcome.

  * Project stakeholder management; to include, collaborating and working
    closely with internal and external stakeholders to communicate project
    data, status, and technical needs and address risk, issues, and
    opportunities.

  * Monitor and report program commitments, obligations, expenditures, contract
    performance, and program status execution to include program milestones,
    schedule and cost, conduct related analyses, and track financial and
    technical metrics.

  * Prepare technical and financial information for briefings, presentations,
    and status reports.

  * Support the projects operational planning, testing, system fielding, and
    sustainment efforts.

THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS MUST BE MET TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:

  * Master of Science degree in engineering or physical science

  * A minimum of 5-8 years? experience in the development of tools and
    technologies for render safe procedures, in multiple mediums including
    underwater operations.

  * Program Management experience

  * Ability to communicate verbally and in writing and maintain effective
    working relationships with a broad range of operational users, technical
    developers and government program managers.

  * Ability to write both concise recommendation papers and longer analytical
    reviews.

  * Must be a US citizen with an active SECRET DoD Security Clearance. Must be
    eligible obtain a TOP SECRET (TS) clearance.

THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED, BUT NOT REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:

  * Broad technical and/or operational background and must be a self-starter
    who is willing to take on new challenges.

  * Project management experience; be capable of working with diverse
    multi-functional teams; and have the ability to influence and collaborate
    with multiple stakeholders internal and external.

  * Excellent word processing and computer skills; familiarity with Microsoft
    Office software including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, as well as SharePoint
    and Adobe Acrobat Professional.

BENEFITS

Battelle?s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and
dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts,
disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection
for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation,
training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity,
marital status, age, genetic information, or disability. Our goal is for each
staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities
and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive
programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified
employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/
careers

Apply Now
Apply Now

Share

Current Search Criteria

  * Principal Research Scientist
  * Alexandria
  * Virginia
  * Clear All

  * Battelle Careers

Career Sites

  * Battelle Facebook
  * Battelle LinkedIn
  * Battelle Twitter
  * Battelle YouTube

Social Media

  * About DirectEmployer...
  * Battelle on my.jobs
  * Become a Member
  * Member Directory

Battelle and its logo are registered trademarks of Battelle Memorial Institute.
? Battelle Memorial Institute . All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy
Policy Cookies Policy
My.jobs
Quantcast
