Careers at the U

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * rss
  * plus

  * Login
  * Help

Statistician Intermediate

  * Home
  * Search Jobs
  * Benefits
  * Choose Michigan
  * Temporary Employment
  * Career Development

[DILSlidesh]
Apply Now Clicking "Apply Now" opens the link in a new window.

How to Apply

A cover letter is required for consideration for this position and should be
attached as the first page of your resume. The cover letter should address your
specific interest in the position and outline skills and experience that
directly relate to this position. In addition, please include a sample of your
best code.

Job Summary

This is an exciting and challenging full-time position that supports
bio-statistical and analytic activities for a variety of research projects
within the Department of Internal Medicine, Division of General Medicine, as
well as the Center for Healthcare Outcomes & Policy (CHOP) within the Institute
for Healthcare Policy and Innovation (IHPI).

CHOP is an extremely collegial environment comprising more than 100
investigators and staff engaged in population-level health services research,
including outcomes research and policy evaluation based on national claims
databases and clinical registries. CHOP is part of IHPI, which is a broad,
interdisciplinary research group focused on evaluating the impact of health
reform, improving the health of communities, promoting greater value in
healthcare, and innovating in IT and healthcare delivery.

We are seeking an experienced analyst that will work as part of an established
team of physicians, economists, biostatisticians, and health services and
health policy researchers. This position works under limited supervision and
must demonstrate the ability to work independently. This position must
understand both database and research complexities, and apply independent
problem-solving utilizing existing and emerging scientific knowledge.
Opportunities to participate in ongoing training, collaborative research
meetings, and advanced methods workshops are supported and encouraged.

Responsibilities*

This position involves a wide range of tasks including data management,
programming, and analysis supporting research based on Blue Cross Blue Shield
of Michigan/Blue Care Network (BCBSM/BCN) Quality Collaborative data, and large
national (e.g., Medicare) and statewide (BCBSM) claims datasets. Specifically,
the position involves providing independent and collaborative statistical
support including:

  * Providing guidance for study design issues
  * Performing power calculations and estimating sample size
  * Writing, testing, and implementing programs using SAS and Stata to clean,
    manage, merge, and analyze large, complex datasets
  * Implementing methods to ensure data quality
  * Developing and drafting specific analysis plans
  * Independently conducting appropriate data analyses
  * Conducting computer programming as needed for completion of other tasks
  * Preparing and maintaining technical documentation of data and analysis
    files
  * Summarizing, interpreting, and presenting results in written, tabular and
    visual formats
  * Assisting in the writing of manuscripts and grant proposals
  * Participating as a team member in discussions on analysis and improvement
    of data collection, quality of data analyses, programming and
    documentation.

Required Qualifications*

  * Master?s degree in statistics, biostatistics, computer science,
    information, or related field
  * Experience using SAS and Stata for database management and statistical
    analysis
  * Ability to draft statistical tests in accordance with the project?s design,
    solve analytic problems, and develop instruments and related analysis plans
  * Working knowledge of epidemiologic concepts and methodology
  * Experience with complex data structures and linkages between data sources
  * Strong programming knowledge using high-level programming language
  * Strong interpersonal and written communication skills. Proven ability to
    write clear and concise technical documentation, summaries of various
    methodologies, and descriptions of statistical results. Excellent
    communication, both oral and written in the English language, and
    interpersonal skills are essential
  * Ability to prioritize, organize, and efficiently work on multiple projects
    at the same time
  * Flexibility and ability to work independently and collaboratively with
    multiple researchers
  * Ability to be consistently and extremely detail-oriented

Desired Qualifications*

  * Three or more years of experience in database management, statistical
    analysis, and computer programming
  * Direct experience in managing and supporting major research projects using
    large administrative datasets such as Medicare and commercial insurance
  * Familiarity with C, C++, Python, or Java and prior experience working with
    APIs

Background Screening

University of Michigan Health System conducts background screening and
pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent
job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background
screenings. Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair
Credit Report Act.

Application Deadline

Job openings are posted for a minimum of seven calendar days. This job may be
removed from posting boards and filled anytime after the minimum posting period
has ended.

U-M EEO/AA Statement

The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

Job Detail

  * Job Opening ID

    135962
  * Working Title

    Statistician Intermediate
  * Job Title

    Statistician Intermediate
  * Work Location

    Ann Arbor Campus
    Ann Arbor, MI
  * Full/Part Time

    Full-Time
  * Regular/Temporary

    Regular
  * FLSA Status

    Exempt
  * Organizational Group

    Medical School
  * Department

    Int Med-General Medicine
  * Posting Begin/End Date

    1/05/2017 ? 1/19/2017
  * Career Interest

    Research

Apply Now
University of Michigan
Contact

  * Non-discrimination Statement
  * Accessibility
  * Security & Safety Annual Report
  * Labor Law Notices

? 2017 The Regents of the University of Michigan
