Oak Ridge National Laboratory

Computational Scientist

  * Oak Ridge, TN
  * Full-time

Company Description

Oak Ridge National Laboratory is the US Department of Energy?s largest
multi-program science and energy laboratory, with scientific and technical
capabilities spanning the continuum from basic to applied research. Located in
the city of Oak Ridge, ORNL is in the eastern part of Tennessee in the
foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains.

 

Job Description

The National Center for Computational Sciences in the Computing and
Computational Sciences Directorate at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL)
seeks to hire Computational Scientists. We are looking in the areas of
Computational Climate Science, Computational Astrophysics, Computational
Materials Science, and Computational Plasma Physics, to serve as liaisons
between the National Center for Computational Sciences (NCCS) and the users of
the NCCS computing resources. We are also looking for you to develop and apply
innovative ways to develop new scientific understandings while using ORNL?s
world-class computational resources.

Duties/Responsibilities:

You will work with application scientists to develop, integrate, port, and tune
applications, as well as develop new approaches to take full advantage of the
capabilities of the NCCS leadership computing environment. You will represent
the needs of domain specific application groups for NCCS planning and
decision-making.

Work closely with the NCCS users to assist them in exploiting the resources of
the NCCS effectively and efficiently. Partner with large user program projects
in moving data and programs into and out of the NCCS environment, developing,
porting, and scaling applications and algorithms for NCCS computers, debugging
and tuning applications for high performance, and scheduling applications at
scale to meet the scientific needs of the users. Work with NCCS systems,
storage and networking groups to understand the needs and schedules of the
various domain application groups. Assist in capability planning exercises.
Define the requirements for, and assist in developing system software,
libraries and tools that meet the application communities? needs.

Participate in high-performance-computing community-wide efforts to design new
methodologies, workflows, tools, and other contributions that will advance the
state of the art in computational science. Where appropriate, write proposals
and conduct research to determine the best way to approach tools, libraries,
emerging methods and workflows, as well as figuring out the best path forward
for application development on future NCCS resources. Participate in various
application-area and computer-science research proposals. Conduct the research
and report results in journals, technical manuals, and conferences.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

  * Ph.D. with a minimum of 2 years of experience, computational science,
    applied mathematics, computer science, or related scientific discipline is
    required.
  * Experience with one or more of the following: numerical methods, parallel
    algorithms, MPI, Fortran and parallel software development on large scale
    computational resources is required.
  * Excellent interpersonal skills, oral and written communications skills,
    organizational skills, and strong personal motivation are necessary.
  * Ability to work in a dynamic, team environment is required.

Preferred Qualifications:

  * Ph.D. coupled with 5 years of experience, in a computational science
    domain, applied mathematics, computer science, or related scientific
    discipline.
  * Experience with C, C++, vectorization or one-sided asynchronous programming
    models is a plus.

Additional Information

ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, 

including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are 

encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer.


Please apply using https://recruiting.ornl.gov/sap/bc/webdynpro/sap/
hrrcf_a_posting_apply?PARAM=
cG9zdF9pbnN0X2d1aWQ9MDA1MDU2QjQzOTc3MUVENjlEOEUyQkMzQTIwM0Y0NEMmY2FuZF90eXBlPUVYVA%3d%3d
&sap-client=010&sap-language=EN#


I'm interested
I'm interestedRefer a friend

share this job

  *  
  *  
  *  
  *  

Powered by 

[99106609]
