Skip Navigation
Capital One - US Main menu

  • Teams & Roles
  • Life at Capital One

Job Details

Commercial Banking Data Scientist

Apply now Job ID R14739 Date posted 11/29/2016 Locations New York
NYC 299 Park Avenue (22957), United States of America, New York, New York

At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company.
Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank,
Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing
ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the
success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding
because they are succeeding.                                               

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration
and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective
and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We
elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve
with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our
customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a
quest to change banking for good.

Commercial Banking Data Scientist

Capital One, a Fortune 500 company and one of the nation’s top 10 banks, is one
of the largest, most analytically sophisticated Financial Services providers in
the world. We offer a broad spectrum of financial products and services to
consumers, small businesses and commercial clients. We nurture a work
environment where people with a variety of thoughts, ideas and backgrounds,
guided by our shared Values, come together to make Capital One a great company
and a great place to work.

Capital One's Commercial Bank contains an approximately $90B (exposure) loan
portfolio that has grown by virtue of several acquisitions. It is a Commercial
Portfolio of C&I, CRE, Construction, and various specialty lending. The
Modeling Implementation team is part of the stress testing group within CSCRM
and is responsible for model implementation, on-going operational model updates
/optimization, and model execution for Capital One Commercial portfolios.

On any given day you’ll:

  • Work closely with the model development group to understand and meet
    business needs through the appropriate design and implementation of the
    model(s)
  • Collaborate with the Model Development and the Reporting & Analysis to
    perform various impact estimation for new model implementations
  • Use open source programming languages (e.g. R, Python or JavaScript) to
    build informative, “one-click” style web application for model execution
  • Design rich data visualizations (D3.js, Tableau, etc) to communicate
    complex ideas to business leaders
  • Write analytic tools to clean and investigate large external data to
    discover interesting trends

Basic Qualifications:

  • Bachelor’s Degree or military experience
  • At least 1 year experience in open source programming languages
  • At least 1 year experience with relational databases

Preferred Qualifications:

  • Master’s Degree or PhD
  • At least 2 years’ experience in Python, or R
  • At least 2 years’ experience with SQL
  • Experience working with AWS or other public cloud service would be a plus
  • Working knowledge with Linux and familiar with Linux commands and file
    systems would be a plus
  • Understanding of basic econometric/statistical modeling of credit risk
    would be a plus

Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment
authorization for this position.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to
diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration
for employment without regard to gender, race, color, age, national origin,
religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation,
gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected
veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal,
state or local law Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will
consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a
manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal
background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the
New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49,
Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair
Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local
laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you require an accommodation to apply for a job or to perform a job, please
contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or
RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com.

All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to
the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process,
please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for
third-party products, services, educational tools or other information
available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note
that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position
posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted
in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Apply now

Share This Job

  • Twitter
  • Facebook
  • LinkedIn
  • Email

 

Our Location

Job alerts

Sign up here for job alerts and other communications from Capital One.

Email Address[                    ]

Interested InSearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions.
Search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally,
click “Add” to create your job alert.

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  • Data Science, New York, United StatesRemove
  • Product Innovators, New York, United StatesRemove
  • Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Sign up]

Similar Jobs

  • Business Manager McLean, Virginia, Wilmington, Delaware, Richmond,
    Virginia, New York, New York
  • Sr. Business Analyst Richmond, Virginia, McLean, Virginia, New York
  • Business Manager Richmond, Virginia, McLean, Virginia, New York

Search

Search Jobs

Keywords [                    ]

Location [                    ] [Use Location]

Radius [Radius  ]

Search

Match jobs to your LinkedIn profile. Welcome Back, Login

  • More than just a bank

    More Than Just A Bank

  • Investing in Communities

    Investing in Communities

  • Our Take On Interviews

    Our Take On Interviews

  • Twitter
  • Facebook
  • LinkedIn
  • YouTube
  • Glassdoor

Legal

  • Privacy
  • Security
  • Terms & Conditions
  • Patriot Act Cert. *
  • Service members Civil
  • Relief Act

Member FDIC

Equal Housing Lender

Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and
inclusion in the workplace. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without
regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental
disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender
identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran
status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state
or local law.

If you have visited our website in search of information on U.S. employment
opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation,
please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at
RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be
kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide
needed reasonable accommodations.

Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. Blank
Check® is a registered trademark of Capital One Services, LLC. Capital One does
not provide, endorse, nor guarantee and is not liable for third party products,
services, educational tools, or other information available through this site.

*Plugins required [ Adobe^®Reader^® ]

E-Verify® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
E-Verify

FORTUNE and FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks of
Time Inc. and are used under license.

From FORTUNE Magazine, March 15, 2016 ©2016 Time Inc. Used under license.

FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or
services of, Licensee.

Diversity works here Fortune 100
