visa logo
☰
Visa Talent Scout

  • Jobs
  • Help
  • REWARDS

Settings

Research Scientist

New

🔍 Palo Alto, California, United States

 
📁
    Product

📅   
    163894 Requisition #

📅   
    Oct 13, 2016 Post Date

Apply for Job
Share this Job
Sign Up for Job Alerts

Visa Research is a newly created research organization as part of the company's
effort on expanding its technology research capabilities globally.

Visa Research conducts both applied and fundamental research. It engages with
the company's technology and product teams, business partners, academics, and
governments, to explore and develop technologies that are critical to the
payments industry in the future.

Visa Research currently focuses on building research teams in three key areas:
Data Analytics, Security, and Future of Payment. We are looking for outstanding
researchers at all levels of experience as part of the founding team in the
Data Analytics area, reporting to the Head of Data Analytics.

Working on data analytics research at Visa is a unique opportunity at a time
when the payments industry is undergoing a digital transformation with data as
a critical differentiator. We offer you the opportunity to be at the center of
innovation in the payments industry and unleash the power of data through
conducting advanced research on data analytics for the future of payment.

The Position

Reporting to the head of Data Analytics, the Researcher will work with a team
to conduct world-class research on data analytics and contribute to the
long-term research agenda in large-scale data analytics and machine learning,
as well as deliver innovative technologies and insights to Visa's strategic
products and business. As an integral team member of the Research team, the
Researcher will work on research and development activities in the data
analytics area with other researchers, and work closely with Product and
Technology teams to ensure the successful creation and application of
disruptive and innovative technologies.

This role represents an exciting opportunity to make key contributions to
Visa's strategic vision as a world-leading data-driven company. The successful
candidate must have an outstanding academic track record in fundamental and
applied research with participation in developing innovations. The successful
candidate will be a self-starter comfortable with ambiguity, with strong
attention to detail, and excellent collaboration skills.

Responsibilities 

  ● Research and develop cutting-edge technologies in large-scale data
    analytics and machine learning.
  ● 
  ● Advance the development and integration of big data infrastructure that is
    highly scalable, efficient, and extensible.
  ● 
  ● Deliver high-impact intellectual property values through research
    publications and patents.
  ● 
  ● Collaborate with team members to deliver innovative technologies, insights
    and products to Visa business units to resolve their significant product
    pain-points and create new growth opportunities.
  ● 
  ● Collaborate with our partners in academia, industry and government on key
    initiatives to advance our big data research agenda.
  ● 
  ● Work with team members and cross-functional teams (internal/external) that
    include representation from Technology, Product, Operations, Market
    Research, etc.
  ● 
  ● Foster in-depth and productive relationships at all levels with team
    members and clients internally and externally.
  ● 

 

 

Visa Research is a newly created research organization as part of the company's
effort on expanding its technology research capabilities globally.

Visa Research conducts both applied and fundamental research. It engages with
the company's technology and product teams, business partners, academics, and
governments, to explore and develop technologies that are critical to the
payments industry in the future.

Visa Research currently focuses on building research teams in three key areas:
Data Analytics, Security, and Future of Payment. We are looking for outstanding
researchers at all levels of experience as part of the founding team in the
Data Analytics area, reporting to the Head of Data Analytics.

Working on data analytics research at Visa is a unique opportunity at a time
when the payments industry is undergoing a digital transformation with data as
a critical differentiator. We offer you the opportunity to be at the center of
innovation in the payments industry and unleash the power of data through
conducting advanced research on data analytics for the future of payment.

The Position

Reporting to the head of Data Analytics, the Researcher will work with a team
to conduct world-class research on data analytics and contribute to the
long-term research agenda in large-scale data analytics and machine learning,
as well as deliver innovative technologies and insights to Visa's strategic
products and business. As an integral team member of the Research team, the
Researcher will work on research and development activities in the data
analytics area with other researchers, and work closely with Product and
Technology teams to ensure the successful creation and application of
disruptive and innovative technologies.

This role represents an exciting opportunity to make key contributions to
Visa's strategic vision as a world-leading data-driven company. The successful
candidate must have an outstanding academic track record in fundamental and
applied research with participation in developing innovations. The successful
candidate will be a self-starter comfortable with ambiguity, with strong
attention to detail, and excellent collaboration skills.

Responsibilities 

  ● Research and develop cutting-edge technologies in large-scale data
    analytics and machine learning.
  ● 
  ● Advance the development and integration of big data infrastructure that is
    highly scalable, efficient, and extensible.
  ● 
  ● Deliver high-impact intellectual property values through research
    publications and patents.
  ● 
  ● Collaborate with team members to deliver innovative technologies, insights
    and products to Visa business units to resolve their significant product
    pain-points and create new growth opportunities.
  ● 
  ● Collaborate with our partners in academia, industry and government on key
    initiatives to advance our big data research agenda.
  ● 
  ● Work with team members and cross-functional teams (internal/external) that
    include representation from Technology, Product, Operations, Market
    Research, etc.
  ● 
  ● Foster in-depth and productive relationships at all levels with team
    members and clients internally and externally.
  ● 

 

 

[                    ]
My Profile

Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.

Go to Profile

My Submissions

Track your opportunities.

My Submissions

Similar Listings

Director - Technical Product Manager - Visa UX

 United States, Texas, Austin

📁 Product

Requisition #: 164295

Solutions Director EMEA

 United Kingdom, Reading

📁 Product

Requisition #: 164796

Sr. Director of Commerce Solutions

 United States, California, Foster City

📁 Product

Requisition #: 164556

View More Listings

  • Jobs
  • Help
  • Sitemap
  • REWARDS

© Visa Talent Scout. All rights reserved.
1 1
