[c1843acd-3]

Data Science Internship

New York, NY
Engineering
Intern
Apply for this job

Knewton is on a mission is to personalize learning for the world. Teachers,
schools, and education companies use Knewton to power digital course materials
that dynamically adapt to each student?s unique needs. Knewton provides
students with tailored recommendations for exactly what to study, teachers with
analytics to better support each student, and publishers with content insights
to develop more effective digital products.

Knewton has delivered more than 15 billion personalized recommendations to over
10 million students on every continent except Antarctica. Knewton was founded
in 2008 and is headquartered in New York City with offices in London, Tokyo,
Singapore, and Dubai. We have also been recognized as a Technology Pioneer at
the World Economic Forum in Davos, one of the top 100 Best Places to work by
Crain?s New York Business and one of the Fast Company?s Top 10 Most Innovative
Companies in Big Data.  Investments top $150M from well-known angel investors
plus Accel, Bessemer, First Round Capital, Firstmark, Founders Fund, GSV and
Atomico.

We're looking for data science interns to help build an innovative online
education system that adapts to each individual student. You will join a
world-class team of data scientists and engineers who are pushing the
boundaries of machine learning. Interns will get to work with a mountain of
data and an exciting array of projects. Knewton actively adopts and contributes
to open source data science technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra, Storm,
HBase, and SciPy, and interns will be encouraged to interact with these
communities.



Here are some of the things we're looking for in our interns:

      + Passion and enthusiasm for building scalable systems that analyze huge
        data sets and make actionable recommendations
      + Coursework in machine learning, statistics, and advanced mathematics
      + Familiarity with JAVA or Python and a statistical programming language
        (R, Matlab)
      + Familiarity with some of following technologies: collaborative
        filtering, decision trees (and automatic tree generation), Bayesian
        methods, clustering techniques (principal components analysis, k-means,
        etc.), probabilistic graphical models, neural networks, and support
        vector machines
      + Bonus if you have actually implemented a data mining or machine
        learning system in a side project or other work experience.

Perks Include:

      + High-quality equipment (Mac or PC)
      + Frequent guest speakers and tech/edtech Meetups hosted at Knewton HQ
      + Social groups and sports teams
      + Catered lunch everyday in the office, all-day snacks, and a full bar
      + Free monthly MetroCards/PATH cards
      + Pet Friendly

Apply for this job

knewton.com Home Page

Jobs powered by [lever-logo]
