[logo]
[doe]

  • PNNL Home
  • About
  • Research
  • Publications
  • Jobs
  • News
  • Contacts

Pacific Northwest National Laboratory Jobs

[logo]
Where [Richland, WA        ] city, state, country
What [                    ] job title, keywords, job id
[search]
Home View All Jobs (103)
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory Research Scientist, High Performance
Computing in RICHLAND, Washington

Organization and Job ID

Job ID: 306190

Directorate: Physical & Computational Sciences

Division: Advanced Computational, Mathematics, & Data

Job Description

The High Performance Computing (HPC) Group at the Pacific Northwest National
Laboratory (PNNL) undertakes leading Computer Science research that is put into
practice in many arenas. The HPC group offers a vibrant and agile research
environment that brings together researchers in many disciplines. Our key
capabilities are focused on providing novel advances in system software and
applications, developing and utilizing modeling and simulation to explore
future applications and systems, and examining and guiding the development of
future advanced architectures. We invite you to apply to one of our available
positions and join a dynamic group that is at the forefront of HPC research.

The HPC group is seeking a Scientist to actively participate in challenging
software and hardware research projects that will impact future High
Performance Computing systems as well as constituent technologies. In
particular, the researcher will be involved in research into data analytics,
large-scale computation, programming models, and introspective run-time
systems. The successful researcher will join a vibrant research group whose
core capabilities are in Modeling and Simulation, System Software and
Applications, and Advanced Architectures.

Minimum Qualifications

• Education & Experience: BS 2-3 years’ experience, MS 0-2 years’ experience,
PhD 0 years’ experience

• Technical Expertise: Contributing professional who is building a professional
reputation for technical expertise. Fully applies and interprets standard
theories, principles, methods, tools and technologies within specialty.

• Level of Responsibility: Independently completes recurring assignments.
Exercises limited judgment on work details. Makes preliminary selections and
adaptations of technical alternatives.

• Breadth of Technical Knowledge: Continues developing technical expertise and
knowledge. Develops new skills.

Preferred Qualifications

• Experience with one or more of: graph analytics; advanced HPC systems; novel
programming models; introspective runtime systems

• Understanding of HPC systems and HPC applications

• Ability to develop novel techniques that analyze and guide future system
designs for improved performance, energy efficiency, and reliability

• Ability to work as part of a research team to carry out fundamental and
applied research that will contribute to existing and future projects.

• Experience with HPC and/or embedded processing systems and graph applications

• Strong communication skills and establishing the right frequency of
communication with project team members.

Equal Employment Opportunity

PNNL is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to
hiring a diverse, talented workforce. EOE Disability/Vet/M/F/Sexual Orientation
/Gender Identity. Staff at PNNL must be able to demonstrate the legal right to
work in the United States.

Directorate: Physical & Computational Sci's

Job Category: Scientists/Scientific Support

Group: High Performance Computing

Opening Date: 2017-01-06

Closing Date: 2017-01-13

Apply Now
Apply Now

Share

Current Search Criteria

  • Research Scientist, High Perform...
  • RICHLAND
  • Washington
  • Clear All

  • Jobs at Pacific Nort...

Career Sites

  • PNNL Lab
  • PNNL on Facebook
  • PNNL on LinkedIn
  • PNNL on Youtube

Social Media

  • About DirectEmployer...
  • Become a Member
  • Member Directory
  • Pacific Northwest Na...

Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity

Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal
Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. Learn more about
Affirmative Action /Equal Employment Opportunity at PNNL is an E-Verify
employer.

Job information is updated daily. Website Contact: PNNL HR Webmaster

Pacific Northwest National Laboratory

  • Security & Privacy
  • Site Index
  • Contact PNNL

My.jobs
Quantcast
