Skip to main content

Menu

Bank Of America Careers

Navigation

  * Home
  * Our Company
      + Our Business
  * Working Here
      + Culture, Inclusion, People
      + Military & Veterans
      + Benefits & Advantages
      + Career Development & Learning
      + Recruitment Tips
  * Locations
  * Career Areas
  * Search Jobs
  * Events
  * Applicants with Disabilities
  * United States Change Location
      + Argentina
      + Australia
      + Bahamas
      + Bahrain
      + Belgium
      + Brazil
      + Canada
      + Cayman Islands
      + Chile
      + China
      + Colombia
      + Costa Rica
      + France
      + Germany
      + Greece
      + Hong Kong
      + India
      + Indonesia
      + Ireland
      + Isle of Man
      + Israel
      + Italy
      + Japan
      + Jersey
      + Lebanon
      + Luxembourg
      + Malaysia
      + Mexico
      + Monaco
      + Netherlands
      + Norway
      + Panama
      + Peru
      + Philippines
      + Poland
      + Portugal
      + Russia
      + Saudi Arabia
      + Singapore
      + South Africa
      + South Korea
      + Spain
      + Sweden
      + Switzerland
      + Taiwan
      + Thailand
      + Turkey
      + United Arab Emirates
      + United Kingdom
      + United States
      + Uruguay
      + Venezuela

Job search banner image

Search Jobs

Statistician

Wilmington, DE; Charlotte, NC; - United States

Job number: 16032002

Back to job search results
Apply Now for this job >[Email me][Email a friend]

Job description

Job Description:

Responsible for developing quantitative/analytic models and applications in
support of the firm's risk management effort. This role focuses on the
development of operations/data management policies, strategies and operational
guidelines for the organization's various financial products as they relate to
the analysis, tracking, and reporting of various risk metrics. This role often
possesses an advanced degree in physics, applied mathematics, statistics/
probability or another heavy quantitative discipline. Quantitative analytic
staff is focused on and responsible for the development of the theory and
mathematics behind various models. Individual Contributor and reports to Quant
Operations Manager.

The Team:

Given the size of the banking industry, the role of formal statistical modeling
has been dramatically increasing. As such, the 100-person Consumer Behavior
Modeling team has multiple newly opened positions.

We are looking to hire excellent statisticians at all stages of their careers.

The modeling team offers a compelling combination of professional
opportunities.

We work on some of the largest, most varied, and most important data in the
world.

The mathematical sophistication of our models ranges from direct and routine
application of standard tools to advanced and even research-level approaches.

Our scientific rigor is excellent. We write fully reproducible code and
document our work with substantial formal scientific essays.

We implement our models and track their performance with advanced multivariate
SPC. We get the deepest satisfaction in seeing our models perform as we
predicted.

We continually train on the latest and most powerful tools

We work across all products and across all the stages of the customer
lifecycle. For example, our models

Set credit limits for 9% of the countrys credit card debt

Evaluate the return on our hundred million dollar television advertising
investment

Correct for the significant selection bias induced by having performance data
on approved accounts only

Candidates who have deep skills in applied statistics and communicate with
above average effectiveness are cordially invited to apply.

Job Description:

Responsible for understanding, developing, and extending quantitative models
and applications in support of risk, marketing, pricing, and operations. This
role often possesses an advanced degree in statistics, biostatistics,
econometrics, engineering, applied mathematics, the applied sciences or other
heavily quantitative discipline.

Key Expectations:

Conduct all aspects of consumer behavior model development including problem
formulation, stakeholder identification, model design, computer programming,
data extraction, model estimation, model validation, model documentation,
implementation, and monitoring

Understand the deeper issues and independently structure problems

Clearly communicate, and champion, options and tradeoffs with senior management

Understand the core tradeoffs and biases in selecting a model development
sample, and execute on data preparation by extracting and building datasets
from complex data warehouses. Design randomized experiments to gather data
needed to build still better models

Write efficient computer code (mostly SAS). Use white space, comments,
indentation, arrays, control blocks, and modularization

Have deep understanding of both classical and modern statistical methods and
the ability to apply them in practice

Connect the use of the model with how it should be validated and monitored

Produce high quality written model documentation

Design models that can be implemented given corporate constraints, and
influence the development of even better platforms to support future models

Manage work streams by breaking down complex projects into steps and
communicating timelines to stakeholders

Deliver high performing, fully functioning models

Collaborate with multiple functional groups including risk strategy, model risk
management, legal, compliance, and technology



Required Skills:

Master's or PhD degree in statistics or related field

Expert level programming skills (SAS/STAT)

2-3 years relevant work experience

Deep expertise in modern statistical methods

Industry knowledge

Clear and concise oral and written communication

Posting Date: 12/21/2016

Location: US-DE-Wilmington, US-NC-Charlotte

Travel: Yes, 5% of the time

Full / Part-time: Full time

Hours Per Week: 40

Shift: 1st shift

Already have a candidate profile? Log in to access and update your current
profile to access and update your current profile.

Assistance for Applicants with Disabilities

Bank of America is committed to ensuring that our online application process
provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including
individuals with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable
accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application,
please visit the Applicants with Disabilities page.

Diversity & Inclusion

At Bank of America, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to
create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our
employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their
goals and connect with each other. All qualified applicants will receive
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender,
gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics,
disability, age, or veteran status.

Frequently Asked Questions

Need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job
applications or reset your password? Visit our FAQ section for answers to these
questions and more.

Bank of America Employees

Bank of America employees should access the internal jobs database.

Return to Top

  * FAQ |
  * Events |
  * Campus |
  * About Us |
  * Returning Job Seekers |
  * Pay Transparency |
  * Privacy Policy |
  * EEO Statement |
  * Site Map

? Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. ? 2014 Bank of
America Corporation. All rights reserved.

Follow us:

  * Go to Twitter page
    Twitter page : BofA_Careers Twitter page : ML_Careers
  * Go to Facebook page
  * Go to Linkedin page
    Linkedin page : Bank of America Linkedin page : Merrill Lynch
  * 

Life's better when we're connected

[interstiti]

Thanks for your interest in this job

We're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job
application right now. Please try again after 1 a.m. GMT Monday, 12 December.

Thank you for your patience!

Life?s better when we?re connected ?

