*
 

  • Explore
      □ Explore Jobs Overview
      □ See all job openings
      □ Events
  • Careers
      □ Careers Overview
      □ Engineering
      □ Software
      □ Information Technology
      □ Sales & Marketing
      □ Manufacturing
      □ Global Student Center
          ☆ Internships
          ☆ Accelerated Leadership Programs (ALP)
          ☆ Rotation Programs
          ☆ Venture Program
  • Life at Intel
      □ Life at Intel Overview
      □ Innovative Technology
      □ Diversity
      □ Education Visionaries
      □ Corporate Responsibilities
      □ Intel Around the World
  • Benefits
      □ Benefits Overview
  • Advice & Help
      □ Hiring Process & Tips
      □ Candidate Help Desk

Join the talent network

  • Home
  • › Software Engineer Machine Learning

Apply
Search all jobs
Apply Now    
Job ID: JR0805355
Job Category: Engineering
Primary Location: Santa Clara, CA US
Other Locations:
Job Type: Experienced Hire

Software Engineer - Machine Learning

Job Description

Job Description:The Perceptual Computing Group (PerC) of Intel Corporation is
looking to fill the position of Machine Learning Software Engineer to work on
new vision-based sensing products. As a leader in mobile depth camera
technology, PerC is exploring new machine-learning based solutions for problems
that have been traditionally dominated by classical computer vision techniques.
In this role, the candidate will apply modern deep learning techniques to solve
problems in hand and human pose estimation along with object detection and
tracking. The position involves working in a highly cross-disciplinary
prototyping lab alongside engineers in the domain of computer vision, robotics,
and virtual reality. ResponsibilitiesApply state-of-the-art machine learning
techniques and architectures to solve pose estimation and recognition problems
in a variety of domains including virtual/augmented reality, robotics, and
embedded computing.Build data collection and analysis tools using a variety of
camera sensor data (RGB, IR, and depth). Implement, evaluate, and optimize CNN
architectures and implementations for a variety of Intel computing platforms
(low-end and high-end devices)Develop and maintain software pipelines for
ground-truth synthetic dataset generation and training.Contribute research and
algorithms that can be applied towards future PerC products, both hardware and
software.*LI-USA-JR1


Qualifications

Strong software engineering competency in C++Fluency in toolkits for deep
learning such as TensorFlow, Torch, Theano and their GPU-accelerated backends
(cuDNN, OpenCL, etc).Experience with one or more modern low-level graphics APIs
(OpenGL / DirectX)Desire to work in a creatively flexible atmosphere with
nascent algorithms and hardware prototypesMS in Computer Science, Mathematics,
Physics, Artificial Intelligence, or relatedNice to HaveProficiency with custom
or commercial game engines including Unity or Unreal.Experience in physically
based systems/dynamics and 3D geometry.An interest in exploring how ML AI can
be leveraged for the next-generation of human-computer interactionBesides
technical expertise, the ability to work in a highly matrixed and collaborative
environment is required. The person must have demonstrated strong drive to
accomplish high-impact results, setting tough goals for himself/herself and
executing to it, energetic and positive spirits taking pride in achievements,
and straightforwardness in dealing with others in a direct and productive
manner. Excellent communication skills are required.

Inside this Business Group

Perceptual Computing (PerC) is an organization within Intel tasked with the
research, development, and productization of technologies for Natural User
Interaction, encompassing both human to machine and human to human experiences.
PerC aims to build technologies that would help users to have natural,
immersive and intuitive interaction with computers through not only touch
interface but also through hand gestures, voice and video. The objective of
PerC is to explore consumer-focused hardware and software applications of
close-range hand and finger gestures, speech recognition, face recognition and
tracking, augmented reality and more.


Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color,
religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital
status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any
other legally protected status.
Apply Now    
[T0rd0]

What would you like to do now?

Connect with Us

Get Job Alerts

Get started
Student Center

Find out more about working at Intel

Learn more
Education

Jobs@Intel Blog

Learn more
×
×
[intel-logo]

Our application process will be temporarily impacted while we make some
upgrades to our application software. You will be unable to complete the
application process during this period. We expect full site functionality to
return on November 2nd. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for
your patience.

In the meantime, we encourage you to sign up for our talent network. As a
member, you will receive news and advice from our recruiters, as well as job
alerts tailored to your specific skillset. We will also alert you when this
maintenance is complete and the application process is back online.

Grow your network of opportunities

Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor Instagram Intel Student Spot
Intel

  • Company Information
  • Our Commitment
  • Investor Relations
  • Contact Us
  • Newsroom
  • Site Map
  • Jobs

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

  • © Intel Corporation
  • Terms of Use
  • *Trademarks
  • Privacy
  • Cookies
  • Supply Chain Transparency
  • Powered by SmashFly

Intel
