Skip Navigation
client logo
Medical College of Wisconsin Careers
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Toggle navigation [9_box] Menu

  • [menu_icon_] Search
  • [menu_icon_] My Account
  • [menu_icon_] Saved Jobs (0)
  • [menu_icon_] Sign In

Job Details

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Research Scientist I - Biomedical Engineering

  • Requisition ID #: 21371
  • Job Category: Research
  • Employment Type: Full Time
  • Experience Level: Postdoctoral

  • City, State: Milwaukee, WI
  • Work Location: Translational and Biomedical Research Center
  • Department: Biomedical Engineering
  • Education: Doctorate Degree

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
cp.jobdetails.sn.label.facebook cp.jobdetails.sn.label.twitter 
cp.jobdetails.sn.label.linkedin

Email a Friend [Save] Apply with LinkedIn [Apply Now]
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Position Description:

Purpose

Investigate the biomechanics of upper airway collapse in obstructive sleep
apnea using a combination of fluid-structure interaction (FSI) simulations and
experiments. Advance the research goals in the Garcia lab.

Primary Functions

  •   Develop patient-specific digital models of the human upper airway anatomy
based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or computed tomography (CT) scans
from obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) patients;

  •   Develop patient-specific physical models of the human upper airway
anatomy using 3D printing and silicone molding;    

  •   Perform FSI simulations and FSI experiments to investigate the
relationship between airway anatomy and airway collapsibility in OSA patients;

  •   Validate FSI simulations using experimental data;

  •   Analyze data and write manuscripts;

  •   Assist in developing grant applications to the NSF and NIH;

  •   Collaborate with principal investigator in determining study design and
performing statistical analyses;

  •   Develop new methodologies for lab procedures;

  •   Participate in meetings with principal investigator and other research
staff to evaluate/interpret data, develop methodologies, and evaluate lab
procedures;

  •   Supervise the work of graduate students, including training, technical
support, and mentoring research projects.


Preferred Schedule:


Position Requirements:

PhD in mathematics, physics, or engineering.

Previous Experience: 0 year required

Technical skills: Expertise in fluid mechanics, including experience with
fluid-structure interaction (FSI) simulations and/or experiments. Experience
with programming languages and computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software.

Strong publication record on fluid mechanics research demonstrated by
publications in high-quality peer-reviewed journals.

Other skills: proactive, complex problem solving, critical thinking, good
writing skills, and data management.


About MCW
The Medical College of Wisconsin (MCW) is one of the largest healthcare
employers in Wisconsin. We have a long-standing reputation of providing
outstanding medical and graduate education, conducting cutting-edge biomedical
research, providing innovative and compassionate patient care, and improving
the health of the communities we serve.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any
employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national
origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and
basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

jobDetails

Calendar      Contact     MCW Home      Site Map      Terms & Privacy

