Data Scientist

Business Intelligence/Analytics | Oakland, CA, United States

COME PLAY!

Since its founding in 2002, Big Fish has been the world’s largest producer and
distributor of casual games, with titles which continuously land us at the top
of app store charts. Today, we’re bounding into the mid-core space, exploring
new and exciting forms of gameplay, and producing more fun than ever! Big Fish
is home to six individual studios, each with its own unique style of game-play.
Together, we’re united under a common goal: to produce and develop the very
best in mobile gaming, and bring fun and entertainment to our millions of
customers across the globe!

Tired of playing the wrong kinds of “games”? Join the Pond!

THE MISSION

The Data Scientists are responsible for applying a wide variety of statistical
and analytical techniques to business problems to glean valuable insights in
support of key strategic business initiatives. They apply analytical rigor and
statistical methods to data and are comfortable manipulating and analyzing
complex, high-volume, and high-dimensionality data from varying sources.
Incumbents are effective communicators capable of independently driving issues
to resolution and communicating insights to non-technical audiences.

THIS INCLUDES…

  • Work closely with the business to assist in investigations, understand
    problems and identify insights and opportunities
  • Develop new insights and analyses that inform decisions and help us
    continue to improve key metrics
  • Understand and consume data from dimensional models
  • Understand how to integrate multiple systems and data sets and able to link
    and mash up distinctive data sets to discover new insights.
  • Analyze game-specific and user-specific data and proactively make
    recommendations to Product Managers, Game Producers, Game Designers and
    Marketing
  • Apply statistical analysis for ad hoc projects in order to support business
    decisions
  • Devise and run A/B tests to directly and indirectly drive KPI improvements
  • Write SQL for exploratory analysis and use visualization techniques to
    communicate insights and recommendations to business.
  • Generate reports with findings and communicate these effectively via
    written, oral and visual methods.

REQUIRED ABILITIES, ACHIEVEMENTS, AND XP

  • Bachelor’s degree or 2-3 years equivalent work experience in Computer
    Science or related discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Economics,
    etc.
  • Driven by curiosity and a desire to go beneath the surface of a problem to
    ask the right business questions and identify potential answers that can be
    tested and proven
  • Skilled with using SQL, including knowledge of sub queries, and aggregate
    functions like sum, min, max
  • Experience working with business teams to identify and define problems
  • Experience using descriptive and inferential statistics to analyze and
    present findings
  • Experience with effectively writing, presenting and communicating research
    results to other teams.
  • Experience using visualization techniques for presenting data and analysis
    - knowledge of Tableau is a plus.
  • Experience using at least one programming language to move and parse data
    sets.
  • Experience as a business/data analyst, performing analyses and presenting
    data
  • Working knowledge of relational and dimensional data models
  • Experience with building and implementing predictive models 
  • Knowledge of supervised and unsupervised learning methods to derive deep
    analytic insights
  • Experience with building and maintaining ETL processes and flat tables
  • Big data experience (Hive, Spark, HDFS) a big plus!

LET’S GO!

We’ve come a long way, and continue to grow, with just over 600 employees
across our Seattle headquarters, Oakland studio, and Luxembourg office. Located
in Lower Queen Anne, our corporate offices are conveniently located on the
beautiful Puget Sound, just outside the hustle-and-bustle of Downtown. We’re a
short walk from great Seattle attractions like Seattle Center, the Olympic
Sculpture Garden, shops and restaurants at the pier, and a variety of food
truck hot-spots.

Need commuting options? We’re right along multiple bus routes for the
transit-takers, the Elliot Bay trail for cyclists, and have a secure on-site
garage for two and four-wheeled commuters. Our facilities are built around work
and play, with state of the art tools and software, and amenities that make
work fun! Take a break in one of our game rooms, refresh yourself with a free
snack or beverage, or get out for some fresh air on one of our waterside
balconies.

On top of all this, we’ve got you covered with great benefits including
medical, dental and vision insurance, retirement options, transportation and
fitness discounts, and great work-life balance!

Want to discover more about life at Big Fish? Check us out on TheMuse.com!

Be the next Big Fish in the Pond!

Apply
