Seven Bridges Careers

Computational Scientist

Research & Development Cambridge, Massachusetts

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apply

Description

About Seven Bridges

Seven Bridges is the biomedical data analysis company accelerating
breakthroughs in genomics research for cancer, drug development and precision
medicine. We democratize genomics by enabling researchers anywhere to process
and understand genomic data quickly and efficiently, at any scale.

Thousands of researchers in government, biotech, pharmaceutical and academic
labs use Seven Bridges, including three of the largest genomics projects in the
world: U.S. National Cancer Institute?s Cancer Genomics Cloud pilot, the
Million Veteran Program, and Genomics England?s 100,000 Genomes Project. As the
NIH?s only commercial Trusted Partner, Seven Bridges authenticates and
authorizes access to one of the world?s largest cancer genomics dataset.

Our biomedical data analysis platform will be used by the Cancer Moonshot?s
Blood Profiling Atlas project, designed to accelerate the development and
approval of simple, accurate, and reliable blood tests for cancer diagnosis and
precision treatment.

Named one of the world's smartest companies by MIT Technology Review, Seven
Bridges has offices in Cambridge, Mass., San Francisco, London, Belgrade, and
Istanbul.



Computational Scientist

We are seeking a Computational Scientist to become a member of our
computational biology team at our Cambridge office. As a Computational
Scientist, you will work internally and externally to operationalize the graph
technical vision by executing, evaluating and refining an integrated
graph-based genomic analyses toolset to process raw data in high priority areas
including calling hereditary variants, calling somatic/cancer variants, and
calling RNA-Seq expression and variants (isomers). As a Computational Scientist
you will work in teams to create and develop tools in an integrated graph
genomic analyses toolset that will include global and local alignment,
integrated graph caller, local iterative
assembly, global assembly and phased haplotype assembly.

As a Computational Scientist, you will work internally and directly with the
largest research institutions in the world to create graph-based bioinformatics
workflow that can efficiently analyze genomic data while being able to scale to
analyze data from national programs. In this role, you will plan graph-based
workflow validation and analysis studies. This will require working in teams to
customize workflows, develop new tools and to manage data analysis projects
including algorithm/tool development. Computational scientist will collaborate
with our customer project and product development teams to insure transition of
graph-based tools from research applications to operational use by our
customers including several national programs.

Seven Bridges works with some of the largest research organizations in the
world, which means you will, too. You can expect to work with individual
research groups and departments at top ten universities, pharmaceutical
companies, and large consortia. On a regular basis, you can expect to develop,
optimize, and apply tools and workflows for processing and analyzing biological
data. You will evaluate tools and report internally across functional areas to
define, validate and implement software to improve our graph-based workflows
and to help researchers around the world.

A successful Computational Scientist enjoys building computational systems that
will have a large user base. They are adept in algorithm development, large
scale data analyses, and have a deep understanding of biology and genomics. And
they are very people-oriented and eager to work to resolve problems and to
maintain a positive and productive relationship.  

An ideal candidate has:

PhD in computational biology, bioinformatics, or statistics (or foreign
equivalent degree) is required

Relevant experience or skills in computational biology, bioinformatics, machine
learning, or statistics

Proficiency with several of the following technologies: Java, C/C++, R, Python,
Perl, and Unix

Proficient in next-generation sequencing data analysis and variant analysis

Great presentation skills

The proven ability to use, troubleshoot, and teach software.

Strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively with others.

We also think that...

Previous experience with large-scale genomic data (e.g. RNA-seq, Exome-seq,
ChIP-seq, etc.) is a big plus.

Strong publication record in top tier scientific journals to include first
author publications is also a big plus.

If you would like to help us advance genomics at our leading, well-funded, and
dynamic startup, please apply here.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
national origin.



Apply Apply Later
? Back to Current Openings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Powered by Jobvite

