This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > Alexandria, VA
  • > Science
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist/Modeler - 01224185
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist/Modeler

Key Role:

Conduct a variety of engineering tasks for the development and enhancement of a
Web-based decision tool application. Design, build, and test statistical
algorithms for advanced data analysis and scoring. Work as a proactive,
collaborative team player who can effectively elicit feedback and independently
research and identify enhancements to strengthen analytical toolsets. Work with
a team to develop or apply toolsets that solve client analytics problems and
propose recommendations to critical business processes or decisions. Document
results and methodologies in client briefings.

Basic Qualifications:

-Experience with Microsoft Excel, including VBA, nested formulas, dynamic
arrays, solver, conditional formatting, ActiveX Controls, and Forms

-Experience with using operations research methodologies to define and
formulate portfolio analysis and cost, benefit, and historical trend studies

-Ability to show analytical expertise, including using Microsoft Excel to
create and maintain macro

-enabled spreadsheet tools and manipulate data

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-BS degree in Operations Research, Operations Research and Information
Engineering, or CS

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with quantitative analysis techniques, including statistical
analysis, mathematical modeling, and optimization programming

-Experience in working with SQL and R

-Possession of excellent presentation skills, including presenting complex
information to non

-technical audiences

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-Modeler-01224185/J3J58K6YSNF749YBNYV/ Data
Scientist/Modeler - 01224185

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Alexandria, VA
  • Job Type: Science
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  • Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
