AlixPartners Careers

Digital Data Scientist Analyst/ Associate

Digital US - Nationwide, United States

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply Now
Digital
Predictive Modeling Data Scientist
Analyst/Associate

AlixPartners, a top tier-consulting firm, is seeking data science candidates
for our team of highly successful predictive analysts.  If you have a passion
for “wowing” business leaders with exceedingly progressive analytics
techniques, working with managers who “get” the work you are doing and support
your efforts fully, consistently jumping into new projects focused on
innovation rather than “minding the lever” of past projects, working alongside
a highly professional and astute team with IT support that’s lightning fast to
jump to your aid, then AlixPartners is the place for you.

Our Applied Analytics experts work within integrated teams from enterprise
improvement to turnaround and restructuring; meaning the jobs we do cover the
gamut of every layer of business.  Along with this, our seasoned professionals
are recognized as experts in their respective fields, leveraging their skills
and experience to create measurably improved outcomes for our clients.  In this
challenging role, you will be responsible for using your new-age analytics
skillset to drive both revenue and cost improvements for your clients in ‘high
stakes’ situations.

Specifically, in your role as a data scientist at AlixPartners, you will build
predictive and prescriptive models and be challenged to then present the
business case for the value of these models to your client.  Some examples of
past work include predicting store performance for retailers, customer
retention for telecoms, cross-selling opportunities for banks and hotel
occupancy for the hospitality industry.  I hope that this sounds like the work
environment you are looking for.

The preferred location of this professional is in our Boston office.

Responsibilities

  • Predictive Modeling
      □ Utilizing your algorithmic/programming toolkit, build predictive models
        to improve profitability, growth, retention and other such key
        performance indicators for our clients
      □ Apply algorithms equal or similar to the following: elastic net
        regularization for regression, random forests, generalized boosted
        models, generalized additive models, support vector machines, neural
        networks, and time-series forecasting
      □ Implement formal modeling processes from end to end including data
        gathering, data profiling, numerical model building, calibration,
        cross-validation, putting product into production, etc.
      □ After building the models, pilot “scorecards” to track model
        performance and calculated improvement to business
      □ Explain complex modeling approaches in layman’s terms and discuss
        modeling results and business case impacts with non-technical business
        users

     Data Munging

  • 
      □ Collect data from a wide variety of corporate databases, including
        various SQL databases (Microsoft, Oracle, Netezza, etc.), no-SQL
        databases, Access databases, and Excel files
      □ Utilize your toolset in regular expressions to extract information from
        un-structured text documents
      □ Handle missing data through an algorithmic approach such as multiple
        imputation to enable insights in sparse and messy data.
      □ Use your inner whiz-kid to feature engineer the data to boost model
        accuracy

Minimum Qualifications

  • Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, business, statistics, economics, computer
    science or equivalent combination of education and experience.
  • 2-5 years of directly related experience
  • Strongly motivated to be a player in a team which is constantly working to
    improve themselves through discovering new analytics techniques and
    software tools to improve the quality of our work
  • Strong understanding and proficiency of predictive modeling techniques
  • Superior research, statistical, analytical, processing and mathematical
    skills with ability to structure and conduct analyses
  • Ability to engage in model discussions with co-workers and give feedback as
    required
  • Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, and at least one of the
    following: SAS, R, and/or Python
  • Strong verbal and written communication skills
  • Adaptability and the capability of multi-tasking and strong time management
  • Thrive in a fast‐paced, entrepreneurial environment comprised of high
    achievers and high client expectations
  • Ability to work in a team environment and dynamically align to changing
    business conditions
  • Ability and willingness to travel 80%

 

In addition to a positive workplace, the firm offers a competitive compensation
package including an excellent benefit program (health, vision, dental,
disability, 401K, tuition reimbursement).

AlixPartners is a global firm of senior business and consulting professionals
that specializes in improving corporate financial and operational performance,
executing corporate turnarounds and providing litigation consulting and
forensic accounting services when it really matters – in urgent, high-impact
situations.  More information is available at www.alixpartners.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without
regard to among other things, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, (age), status as a protected veteran, or
disability. AlixPartners is a proud Bronze award-winning Veteran Friendly
Employer.

Apply Now Apply Later
← Back to Current Openings
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Share

  Email
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Powered by Jobvite

