Savi Technology Careers

Data Scientist

Data Science Alexandria, Virginia

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apply

Description

Data Scientist

Location: Alexandria, VA

Savi Technology is hiring experienced Data Scientists excited by the prospect
of combining the Internet of Things, sensor data, and Machine Learning to
create end-to-end solutions that let managers and executives make decisions
based on information and predictions literally learned from sensor, open, and
enterprise data. We are agile and fast-paced. We use the latest ?Big Data? and
Machine Learning technologies, from Python and Scikit-Learn to Spark and
Hadoop.

The ideal candidate should love working on data parsing, analyzing,
investigating, interpreting, modeling, and extracting knowledge from large
volumes of data. With a specific core focus on big data analytics technology,
you will have the exciting opportunity to influence the company?s data
strategy. This individual will work with highly energetic cross-functional
teams including product management, engineering, and marketing to help optimize
the company?s solutions.

Responsibilities:

  * Analyze data to identify trends, correlations, and anomalies using
    statistical and machine learning techniques
  * Build models that help our customers identify risk or improve performance
  * Prepare graphs or visualizations of processed data, identify trends,
    anomalies
  * Investigate new data sources and identify data problems, data quality
    issues, and potential value
  * Contribute to the development of new ideas and concepts, translate these
    ideas into executable action plans
  * Work within cross-functional teams to engage the client, comprehend the
    client's problems, develop strategic analytical products, support
    requirements analysis, including process and systems analyses
  * Drive company efforts to optimize company offerings
  * Development and automation of the necessary reports and analysis
  * Research new data sources and analytical tools; contribute to new product
    development and operational delivery

Job Qualifications and Professional Skills:

  * Degree in Statistics, Operations Research, or Computer Sciences
  * At least 5 years experience in data analysis, data management, and software
    development
  * Demonstrated results orientation and follow-through
  * Strong programming, graphing, and database skills; preferably programming
    experience with Python, Java and R
  * Skilled in acquiring and transforming data: SQL, scripts and ETL
  * Experience with relational databases and large distributed systems,
    preferably Cassandra and Hadoop/Hive
  * Experience with data analysis, statistical, reporting and visualization
    tools (Excel, SAS, R, etc.)
  * Experience with machine learning algorithms and tools such as Scikit-Learn
  * Candidate should have track record of using his/her math/stats background
    to solve challenging problems
  * Demonstrated experience in bridging business analysis and technical
    development
  * Strong oral and written presentation skills

This position is based in our Alexandria, Virginia office.

Savi is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. It is our policy
to offer employment opportunity to all persons without regard to race, color,
age, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity/
transgender status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, pregnancy,
childbirth or related medical conditions, or any other status protected under
applicable federal, state, or local law.

Bonus points if you submit your Github account or Kaggle competition projects
along with your resume.

Apply Apply Later
? Back to Current Openings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Powered by Jobvite

