*

Call Center Jobs

CallCenterJobs.com
Add Call Center Jobs on Facebook! Connect with Call Center Jobs on LinkedIn!
Follow Call Center Jobs on Twitter! Check out Call Center Jobs Blog!

  • Home
    *
  • Search Jobs
    *
  • Candidate Center
    *
  • Buyers
    Guide
    *
  • Blog
    *
  • Add Content
    *
  • Employer Center
    *
  • Post
    a Job

CallCenterJobs.com  »  View Job
RSS Feed CallCenterJobs.com Jobs RSS Feed   Learn more...

View Job

Dir Data Science (Digitial Analytics) - (Job Number: 1602483)

Job Location:
Hartford, CT
Metro Area:
CT - Hartford
Company Name: The Hartford
Website:  Click to Visit



The Hartford Financial Services Group is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to
support the needs of Operation Research. As a member of the Operations Data
Science team this individual will model complex operations problems,
discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of
statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. The individual
will also participate in the training and development of staff; manage research
projects from research design through conclusions and recommendations; and
participate in the implementation plans, as subject matter expert.

This position combines business and technical skills involving interaction with
business customers, Data Science staff, both internal and external data
stewards, and a wide variety of Hartford personnel at all levels in support of
quantitative research, predictive modeling, and data mining projects for
Operational Predictive Modeling.

Responsibilities:

                                        

  ● Develop predictive and prescriptive models using various techniques in
    support of operations initiatives.
  ●  Apply advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques to build,
    maintain, and improve on multiple real-time decision systems.
  ● Validate, manipulate and perform exploratory data analysis tasks on
    analytical data sets.
  ● Provide qualitative and quantitative data support to ensure accuracy of
    characteristics and metrics. Build repeatable processes.
  ● Work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize
    actionable, high impact insights across a variety of operational areas.
  ● Provide expertise on mathematical concepts and inspire the adoption of
    advanced analytics and data science across the breath of the organization.
  ● Peer review and evaluate models built by Data Science staff


Qualifications

Experience & Skills

 

 

  Bachelor's Degree or higher in Statistics Applied Mathematics Actuarial
Science Quantitative Economics or other similar analytical field

  5+ years relevant experience in large scale operations environments (Call
Centers Manufacturing Marketing Underwriting and Digital media)

  Deep expertise in data/research and predictive modeling.

  Experience with data modeling data warehousing tools and data bases (e.g. SAS
ORACLE Teradata SQL Server R Python)

  Strong strategic thinking and exceptional analytical capability

  Strong verbal/written communication skills; Must be able to communicate
effectively at all levels across the organization

  Ability to work independently or in a team environment with internal /
external customers

 

Behaviors at the Hartford

  Deliver Outcomes Demonstrate a bias for speed and execution that serves our
shareholders and customers.

  Operate as a Team Player Work together to drive solutions for the good of The
Hartford.

  Build Strong Partnerships Demonstrate integrity and build trust with others.

  Strive for Excellence Motivate yourself and others to achieve high standards
and continuously improve.

 

 
Apply Online Back
Community Resource Center

  • People
  • Process
  • Technology
  • Outsourcing

*
Add Your Content
*
*
●
●

Newsletter

  • Receive a weekly email of everything new added to the site.

    Subscribe

*
●
●

Top Employers

  • UnitedHealth Group (263)
  • Sykes (52)
  • Humana Inc. (40)
  • Verizon (21)
  • Synchrony (13)
  • Verizon (10)
  • Frontier Communications (8)
  • The Hartford (8)
  • Asurion (3)
  • Vantiv (3)

*
●
●

Top States

  • Florida (50)
  • Arizona (46)
  • Minnesota (39)
  • Texas (33)
  • California (32)
  • Pennsylvania (24)
  • Kansas (18)
  • Tennessee (18)
  • New York (13)
  • Ohio (12)

*
●
●

Top Cities

  • Phoenix AZ (32)
  • Tampa FL (16)
  • San Antonio TX (16)
  • Overland Park KS (13)
  • Eden Prairie MN (12)
  • Boise ID (11)
  • Las Vegas NV (11)
  • Jeffersonville IN (10)
  • Lakeland FL (9)
  • Minnetonka MN (9)

*
*
*
Copyright © 1998-2017 CallCenterJobs.com All rights reserved       January 10,
2017

Employment Categories

  • Account Management
  • Collections
  • Contact Centers Operations
  • Customer Services
  • CRM
  • Ecommerce
  • Help Desk
  • Support Personnel
  • Telecom /IS
  • Telemarketing Telesales
  • Working from Home
  • SEARCH BY COMPANY

Employees

  • Post Resume
  • Employee Login
  • Search Jobs
  • Career Resources
  • Add Resume

Employers

  • Employer Login
  • Employer Pricing
  • Register Your Company
  • Post A Job

Site Nav

  • Contact Us
  • Site Map
  • Privacy Policy
  • Disclaimer

Social Media

  • LinkedIn
  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • Call Center Jobs Blog

Resources

  • Buyers Guide
  • People
  • Process
  • Technology
  • Outsourcing
  • Ads
  • Add Content

Education

  • White Papers
  • Seminars
  • Webinars
  • Conferences
  • Press Releases
  • Case Studies
  • Videos
  • Blogs

