Opera
[ ]

  * Opera Mediaworks
  * Operator solutions
  * Opera TV
  * More
    OEM solutions Partner with Opera Business blog Press info
  * Download Opera

Data Scientist

Department: AdColony

Location(s): Seattle

AdColony is a mobile video advertising company whose proprietary Instant-Play?
technology serves razor-sharp, full-screen video ads instantly in HD across its
network of iOS and Android apps, eliminating the biggest pain points in mobile
video advertising: long load times and grainy, choppy video.

As a leading mobile video advertising and monetization platform, AdColony works
with both Fortune 500 brands and more than half of the top grossing publishers
in the App Store. The company?s reach, targeting and optimization tools and
services provide advertisers with a superior way to engage mobile audiences at
scale. AdColony?s app developer tools and services provide publishing partners
with ways to maximize monetization while gaining insight needed to continuously
optimize content and advertising offerings.

AdColony is a division of Opera Mediaworks and has offices in Los Angeles, San
Francisco, Seattle, Chicago, New York, and the UK.  AdColony was recently
listed in the 2013 and 2014 Inc. 500 (Fastest Growing Private Companies in
America) and named Best Mobile Ad Network by Digiday.

AdColony is an equal opportunity employer. For more information, please visit 
www.adcolony.com

Supervised and unsupervised learning, ensemble learning, regression,
regularization, Artificial neural network, deep structured network, restricted
and unrestricted Boltzmann machine, Stochastic Process, GMM, HMM, SSM,
sequential MC, CRF, Rao-Blackwellised particle filter, expectation propagation,
LDA, Dirichlet process, filtering and smoothing? If these terms are music to
your ears, read on!

Your mission is to design algorithms to help improve efficiency and relevancy
on mobile advertising for our hundreds of millions of users worldwide.

If you have deep understanding of statistics and machine learning algorithms,
and you love to use your knowledge to solve real world problems, we want to
talk to you.

This position will be located at our office in Kirkland, Washington.

Responsibilities:

  * Design algorithms for predictive modeling and clustering.
  * Data-analytic responsibilities include pattern discovery, outlier
    detection, sample design, identification of appropriate analytic and
    statistical methodology, model development and documentation of process and
    results.
  * Develop working prototypes of algorithms.
  * Evaluate the performance of various algorithms/models/strategies based on
    the real world data sets.
  * Oversee the process of implementing algorithms and models in production.
  * Learn and apply new algorithms and models in this exciting field.

Qualifications:

  * Masters degree in applied math, statistics, machine learning or computer
    science. Ph.D. is preferred.
  * Passion for solving challenging analytical problems. 
  * Solid understanding of probability and statistics theories and machine
    learning algorithms.  Optimization theory is preferred but not required.
  * Hands on experience in applying machine learning techniques to solve
    real-world problems.
  * Ability to quickly assess a problem both qualitatively and quantitatively.
  * Ability to work productively with team members, identify and resolve tough
    issues in a collaborative and respectful manner.
  * Fluency in at least one scripting language such as Python, R or Matlab.
  * 2-3 years of professional experience is preferred. 
  * Experience with large data set processing is preferred.

Apply online

Jobs

  * Overview
  * Job openings
  * Internships
  * Insider?s view
  * Working at Opera

Top

Follow Opera

Facebook Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Instagram

  * Download Opera
  * Computer browsers
  * Mobile browsers
  * Apps & tools
  * -
  * Help & support
  * Opera blogs

  * Dev.Opera
  * Beta version
  * -
  * Services
  * Opera Mobile Store
  * Add-ons
  * Opera account

  * Opera B2B
  * Opera Mediaworks
  * Operator solutions
  * Opera TV
  * OEM solutions
  * Partner with Opera
  * Business blog

  * About Opera
  * Jobs
  * Investors
  * Press info
  * Contact us

Follow Opera

Facebook Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Instagram

  * ? Opera Software
  * Privacy
  * Terms of Use

Top

