Jobs

Careers in Data Analytics and Scientific Software

  * About Us
  * Careers
  * Search Jobs
  * Events
  * Apply

 

  * About Us
  * Careers
  * Search Jobs
  * Events
  * Apply

Data Scientist / Software Developer ? Oil and Gas

United States | Houston TX | Full time |

We are seeking talented Data Scientists with software development and
analytical skills and a strong academic and/or commercial background. Due to
our continued growth and success, we have a number of open positions available.
Even if you have not yet graduated (but are graduating in the near future), we
welcome hearing from you.

About the Role

You will bring analytics expertise to help clients solve a variety of
challenges, all related to capturing, storing, visualizing and analyzing
information.

As part of our fast-growing global analytics consulting firm, you will work
with experts from industry-leading companies at the forefront of science and
technology to innovate and solve complex, real-world analytics problems that
drive business performance. Plus, you will collaborate with other
high-achieving problem solvers from Tessella to create, develop and deliver
solutions that truly make a difference in the world.

Your responsibilities will include:

  * Combining domain knowledge and technical skills to understand the analytics
    challenges our clients are facing
  * Working closely with customer subject matter experts (SMEs) to help
    identify and define their requirements
  * Designing and developing custom software solutions or tools (e.g.,
    visualization)
  * Assessing completeness, consistency, and validity of customer data
  * Creating models and simulations to better understand customer data
  * Communicating with the customer so they understand the value of their data
    and can make better decisions

About You

A career at Tessella offers a unique opportunity to combine data analytics,
domain knowledge and technical skills. To succeed in this role, you should
have:

  * B.S. (min GPA 3.5) or M.S. or PhD in science, engineering or math. We
    welcome candidates from such diverse academic disciplines as computational
    biology and chemistry, bioinformatics, engineering, physics, geophysics,
    neuroscience, and mathematics.
  * An understanding of big/complex data and the ability to interpret large
    volumes of data in order to draw conclusions using a wide variety of
    statistical and machine learning techniques is preferred but not required.
  * Software development experience in one or more of the following: Java, R,
    Python, C, C#, C++. Prefer object-oriented programming expertise.
  * The eagerness and capacity to quickly learn new science and technologies,
    and apply your skills to unsolved challenges.
  * 1-5 years of work experience in the oil and gas industry, helpful but not
    required
  * Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to
    explain complex technical solutions to customers and colleagues from all
    backgrounds

About Tessella

Tessella is a global analytics, software services and IT consulting company
that works with some of the world?s leading organizations in pharmaceuticals,
energy, consumer goods and the public sector. We use our unique blend of
science, engineering and sector expertise to deliver innovative solutions to
complex real-world challenges. As well as being acclaimed custom software
producers, we are experts in the fields of big data and analytics, and our
pharmaceutical clients rely on us to help them draw meaningful conclusions from
the flood of clinical data.

In addition to providing an environment to do interesting work, we offer a
competitive salary and benefits package. Plus, we offer tailored career
development based on your aspirations, with targeted training provided annually
(e.g., expand technical abilities, learn new technologies, develop soft skills,
or earn recognized professional qualifications).

Begin your application process here

Apply

Careers at Tessella

Tessella is a global analytics, software services and IT consulting company
that works with some of the world?s leading organizations in energy,
pharmaceuticals, consumer goods and the public sector.

Find out more ?

Latest Roles

  * Software Support Engineer ?

    United States | Boston MA | Full time | $ Competitive

  * Data Scientist / Software Developer - Life Sciences ?

    United States | Boston MA | Full time |

  * Data Scientist / Software Developer - Oil and Gas ?

    United States | Houston TX | Full time |

View Others Like This ?

Next Event

Texas A&M SEC Engineering Career Fair

24th of January 2017 from 9.00am to 4.00pm
Reed Arena

...

All Events ?
[Book_of_in]

What We Do

Find out more about our cutting edge work and the complex problems we have
solved.

Read More ?
[Best-Compa]

Best Company 2016

Since 2012, Tessella has been rated as "outstanding" in the Sunday Times Best
Companies awards.

[IIP]

Investors in People

To stay competitive in a rapidly changing industry requires strong training and
development.

Read More ?
[Apply-now]

Apply

To start your career at Tessella, you will need to submit an online
application.

Apply now ?

Careers

  * Graduates & Postgraduates ?
  * Experienced Technical Professionals ?
  * Commercial, Admin & Other Roles ?

Vacancies

  * United Kingdom ?
  * United States ?
  * Netherlands ?
  * All Vacancies ?

Events

  * United Kingdom ?
  * United States ?
  * Netherlands ?
  * All Events ?

Recruitment brochures

  * United Kingdom ?
  * United States ?
  * Netherlands ?

Quick links

  * FAQs ?
  * About Us ?
  * What We Do ?
  * Awards ?
  * History ?
  * Office Locations ?

Connect with us

  * Facebook Facebook ?
  * Linked in LinkedIn ?
  * Twitter Twitter ?
  * YouTube YouTube ?
  * Email Email ?

Copyright ? 2017 by Tessella Ltd. All rights reserved. Please read our Privacy
Policy

Tessella is part of the Altran Group
