Skip Navigation

  • Citigroup.com
  • Alumni
  • Language
      □ English
      □ 简体中文
      □ 繁體中文
      □ Español
      □ Francais du Canada
      □ 日本語
      □ Magyar
      □ Polski
      □ Português
      □ Русский

citi text logo with arcing red top
open main navigation menu

  • Search & Apply
  • Working Here
  • University Programs
  • Resources

abstract light pattern

YOUR JOURNEY WITH CITI BEGINS HERE

Advanced Search

Search Jobs

[                    ]

Category 
[Select                                                                        ]

World Region [Select                         ]

Country [Select                  ]

State/Province [Select                       ]

City [Select                              ]

Search Jobs

Match Your Skills

Let us search jobs for you based on the skills and experience listed in your
LinkedIn™ Profile.

Start Matching

Career Opportunity

Apply Now

IPB US Investment Lab – Qualitative Sr. Research Analyst

  • Primary Location: United States,Florida,Miami
  • Education: Bachelor's Degree
  • Job Function: Product Management
  • Schedule: Full-time
  • Shift: Day Job
  • Employee Status: Regular
  • Travel Time: Yes, 10 % of the Time
  • Job ID: 16084075


Description


About Citi

Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts
and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides
consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of
financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit,
corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services,
and wealth management. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending
money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our
clients.

Citi’s Mission and Value Proposition  explains what we do and Citi Leadership
Standards explain how we do it. Our mission is to serve as a trusted partner to
our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and
economic progress. We strive to earn and maintain our clients’ and the public’s
trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards and making a
positive impact on the communities we serve. Our Leadership Standards is a
common set of skills and expected behaviors that illustrate how our employees
should work every day to be successful and strengthens our ability to execute
against our strategic priorities.

Diversity is a key business imperative and a source of strength at Citi. We
serve clients from every walk of life, every background and every origin. Our
goal is to have our workforce reflect this same diversity at all levels. Citi
has made it a priority to foster a culture where the best people want to work,
where individuals are promoted based on merit, where we value and demand
respect for others and where opportunities to develop are widely available to
all.

Position Summary:

The Qualitative Senior Research Analyst is responsible for managing and
developing all qualitative Economic and investments analysis and insights to
the IPB US business, including Senior managers and Directors to make investment
decisions for clients based on Citi’s expressed economic views. As a
qualitative analyst, you will create connection points between all the
research, forecasts and economic views produced by Citi with the IPB US sales
force, Senior managers and clients. The candidate will add valuable research
and analytical experience, showing metrics and economic analysis, that will
play an important part in the investment business strategy. Producing the
analysis, the person will incorporate competitors’ research and analyze against
Citi forecasts and macro views to have a strong base to set the investment
strategy that will be crucial to shaping the business.  The Qualitative Senior
Research Analyst will also coordinate and manage all the interaction to clients
via conference calls, ad-hoc presentations, and events in which the interaction
of the IPB US Investment Lab is required.

Principal Responsibilities:

  • Manage and review all the research, publications, forecast, macro views and
    analytics coming from all Citi sources such as Citi       Research, Citi
    Private Bank, and the GIC and analyze it for the Investment Lab, sales
    force, and IPB US clients.
  • Oversee and review public company disclosures including earnings calls,
    conferences, and press releases to complement Citi views and incorporate
    into analysis.
  • Establish and coordinate the analytical thought processes to manage unique
    insights and perspectives on performance and results on regions, countries,
    companies and asset classes and connect them to the IPB US investment
    portfolio, based on Citi views and forecasts.
  • Develop reports that clearly articulate analysis, reasoning and
    conclusions.
  • Analyze Citi research, forecasts and views to execute the positioning of
    the strategy to the sales force,  Senior Managers, Directors and IPB US
    clients.
  • Direct ad hoc book analysis to establish actionable plans from the research
    produced.
  • Handle the business’ investment needs and aid in the communication of
    execution of ideas to the portfolio team.
  • Organize with team members to assist in the modeling/back testing of
    investment lab recommendations.
  • Coordinate a review of the investment book for new ideas.
  • Participate in the preparation of asset allocation studies for clients on
    an as-needed basis.
  • Define and administer regular clients publications, communications,
    presentations and updates.
  • Lead miscellaneous projects, as needed.


Qualifications


Qualifications 

  • Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics or related fields required.
    Master’s degree preferred.
  • 6 to 10 years’ experience in international wealth management markets, with
    focus on Latin America.
  • Series 7 required, or willing to obtain within 150 days.
  • Bilingual (100% English and Spanish required, Portuguese is a plus).
  • Understanding of macroeconomic variables and their interaction in the
    financial markets.
  • Strong Background in economic and investment analysis experience.
  • Previous investment experience with affluent and high-net-worth
    individuals.
  • Knowledge of trust, insurance, and credit products.     
  • Knowledge of asset allocation and modern portfolio theory.
  • Positive attitude, proactive, change promoter
  • Knowledge of equity valuation models and derivative instruments.
  • Thorough understanding of portfolio construction, risk management issues,
    and quantitative methods.
  • Strong background in discretionary investment offering (traditional and
    alternative).
  • Understanding of a wide range of asset classes, financial instruments, and
    strategies.
  • Effective and compelling communication skills (verbal / written / proposal)
    to all levels.


Apply Now

Connect with us

  • Connect with us on Facebook
  • Connect with us on Twitter
  • Connect with us on YouTube
  • Connect with us on LinkedIn
  • Connect with us on Glassdoor

  • Terms of use
  • Careers at Citi Privacy Policy
  • Additional Terms
  • ACCESSIBILITY
  • Sitemap

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender
Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invites all qualified interested
applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a
disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or
apply for a career opportunity, please contact us.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster, click here. To view the EEO is the Law
Supplement, click here.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting, click here.

Follow us:

  • Follow us on RSS
  • Follow us on Facebook
  • Follow us on Twitter
  • Follow us on YouTube
  • Follow us on LinkedIn
  • Follow us on Google+
  • Follow us on Instagram

© 2017 Citigroup Inc.

Quantcast
