Skip Navigation
Mathematica Policy Research

  * About Mathematica
  * Career Opportunities
  * News
  * Events & Conferences
  * Contact Us

  * Our Capabilities
      + Communications
      + Data Quality Certification
      + Evaluation Design and Implementation
      + Performance Management
      + Policy Research
      + Rapid-Cycle Evaluation
      + Survey Design and Data Collection
      + Systematic Research Reviews
      + Technical Assistance in Evaluation and Program Implementation
  * Our People
      + Board of Directors
      + Senior Management
      + Senior Fellows
      + Senior Staff
      + Search Our Staff
  * Our Focus Areas
      + Data Analytics
      + Disability
      + Early Childhood
      + Education
      + Family Support
      + Health
      + International
      + Labor
      + Nutrition
  * Our Resources
      + Publications
      + Selected Projects
      + Blog Posts
      + Case Studies
      + Multimedia
  * Our Centers
      + Center for Improving Research Evidence
      + Center for Studying Disability Policy
      + Center on Health Care Effectiveness
      + Center for International Policy Research and Evaluation

Mathematica Careers

At Mathematica, we take pride in our employees and in their commitment to
excellence. We encourage staff to collaborate in developing creative solutions
to difficult problems and to share the responsibility and enjoyment of carrying
out complex research.

Read More
Search Jobs and Apply

Search Jobs and Apply

Keyword [                    ]

Location [                    ] [Use Location]

Radius [Radius  ]

Search

Job Description

Apply Now

Junior Front-End Data Scientist

Job ID 560

Position Description


Mathematica is a nationally recognized research organization that conducts
social policy studies on health care, disability, education, welfare,
nutrition, and related topics. Our mission is to improve public well-being by
bringing the highest standards of quality, objectivity, and excellence to bear
on the work we do for our clients.

We are seeking a junior front-end data scientist to join our Program
Improvement team. This is an entry level opportunity. This position requires
the combined skillset of a general programmer and statistical programmer.
Everyday job tasks include:

  * Building application and web platforms that can be used to manage, clean,
    and analyze datasets

  * Creating data presentation-layers in the form of static reports and
    interactive dashboards

  * Managing and ensuring the quality of large datasets

  * Working both independently and on a team

  * Being incredibly self-driven to learn, push new ideas, and teach others

Position Requirements


  * 1-3 years of experience in a statistical programming language such as SAS,
    STATA, R or Python (specifically with the pandas library)
  * 1-3 years of experience in a general programming language such as C#, Java,
    Node, or Python

  * Have some knowledge of relational database systems

  * Bachelor?s degree in a relevant field or equivalent experience

  * Have a strong desire to improve society through evidence based research

Pluses:

  * Experience in web development using .NET and JavaScript (preferably with
    angular)

  * Experience writing unit and end-to-end tests

  * Experience creating interactive web-based data visualizations using d3

  * Experience using machine learning, NLP, and/or Bayesian methods to analyze
    data

Various federal agencies with whom we contract require that staff successfully
undergo a background investigation or security clearance as a condition of
working on the project. If you are assigned to such a project, you will be
required to obtain the requisite security clearance.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any
employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national
origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and
basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.


Apply Now

Jobs By Category

  * Accounting Jobs 2
  * Computer Programming Jobs 12
  * Data Analytics Jobs 1
  * Data Collection Jobs 5
  * Health Research Jobs 32
  * International/Development Research Jobs 5
  * Project Management Jobs 6
  * Public Policy Jobs 75
  * Research Jobs 17

Jobs By Location

  * Ann Arbor Jobs 11
  * Cambridge Jobs 12
  * Chicago Jobs 10
  * Oakland Jobs 11
  * Princeton Jobs 17
  * Tucson Jobs 1
  * Washington Jobs 11

Log in and search jobs that match your profile

Share this job

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * Email

About this location

Check out where you could be working before you apply.

View Map

About Data Analytics

At Mathematica, we rely on our data analytics experts to yield actionable
information to guide decisions in wide-ranging policy areas, from health,
education, early childhood, and family support to nutrition, labor, disability,
and international development. From associate- to director-level employees,
their work is essential to our data-driven organization. We offer competitive
compensation, generous benefits, and on-site office amenities. Our stimulating,
team-oriented work environment is unique because Mathematica is employee-
owned. Click on the opportunities below to learn more about specific job
qualifications.

Sign Up for Job Alerts

First Name[                    ]

Last Name[                    ]

Email Address[                    ]

Select InterestsSign up for alerts by choosing a category and/or location.
Start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before
submitting. You must have at least one alert in the list below in order to
subscribe.

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  * Data Analytics, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United StatesRemove
  * Public Policy, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United StatesRemove
  * Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Sign Up]

View All Jobs
Mathematica Policy Research

Mathematica Policy Research

P.O. Box 2393
Princeton, NJ 08543-2393

P: 609.799.3535
F: 609.799.0005

info@mathematica-mpr.com

  * Mathematica

      + Our Capabilities
      + Our People
      + Our Publications & Projects
      + Our Centers
  * Resources

      + About Mathematica
      + Career Opportunities
      + News
      + Events & Conferences
      + Contact Us

Connect With Us

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * RSS

VIEW ALL LOCATIONS

  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map

? 2017 Mathematica Policy Research

If you are unable to complete an application online due to a disability, you
can request an accommodation by contacting the Human Resources Department at
609-799-3535 or HumanResources@mathematica-mpr.com.

Mathematica is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. We consider
applicants for all positions without regard to race; color; religion; sex;
national origin; age; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression;
marital; family; or veteran status; the presence of a non-job-related medical
condition or disability; or any other legally protected status. In keeping with
our commitment, we strongly encourage women, minorities, veterans, and people
with disabilities to apply. If you?d like more information about your EEO
rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.

Please see Mathematica's pay transparency statement.

+

Pay Transparency Statement

Mathematica will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against
employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or
disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However,
employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or
applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay
of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have
access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to
a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation,
proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the
employer, or (c) consistent with Mathematica?s legal duty to furnish
information.

