Rodan & Fields, LLC Careers

Data Scientist

Business Intelligence San Francisco, California

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apply

Description

The Opportunity:

Are you passionate about mining data for answers to challenging problem, 
finding actionable solutions that no one else can solve. Do you thrive at
distilling large quantities of customer data into a coherent story with clear,
easy to follow conclusions, implications and actionable recommendations 
informed by knowledge of the business? If this sounds like you, please continue
reading. 
 

The Rodan + Fields Business Intelligence and Analytics Department is looking
for a Data Scientist with a specialty in customer analytics to join the
Advanced Analytics team. Members of our team work closely with Sales,
Marketing, and Customer Loyalty providing insights into the behavior of R&F?s
customers to enable the leadership and operational teams make better informed,
data-driven decisions. The ideal candidate will bring analytical rigor and
statistical methods to the challenges of understanding and modeling the
behavior of R&F?s consultants and customers. The insights from this role will 
be drivers of multiple strategic business decisions including sales and 
operational planning, customer retention, and marketing.



Key Responsibilities:

  * Customer lifecycle analysis and modeling with a focus on acquisition,
    retention, and churn and revenue trends
  * Customer segmentation
  * Customer Lifetime Value
  * Marketing Optimization
  * Find creative solutions to business problems using advanced mathematical
    algorithms
  * Develop relevant metrics that enable improved decision-making across
    business functions
  * Anticipate performance questions, perform sensitivity analyses, and
    proactively communicate to business leadership
  * Perform ad-hoc analyses to senior management
  * Mentor and manage junior Data Scientists

 

Requirements:

  * Passionate about producing high-quality analytics deliverables and
    communicating results to broad audience including department users, 
    business leaders and executives
  * 5-7 years of demonstrated success in business analytics, operational and
    financial forecasting
  * Advanced Degree (Master's or PhD) in a technical field preferred
  * Experience with modeling techniques such as generalized linear models, 
    cluster analysis, random forests, boosting, decision trees, time-series,
    and neural networks
  * Strong programming and analytical skills in major analytics software
    packages such as R and Python
  * Excellent SQL skills; comfortable using various data access tools
  * Self-motivated, curious, independent, organized and proactive
  * Highly responsive, flexible, and adaptable when working across multiple
    business units
  * Excellent written and oral communication skills
  * Prior experience in subscription based business or consumer packaged goods 
    (a plus)
  * Experience using BI reporting platforms including Microstrategy and Tableau
    (as plus)
  * Previous experience advising or mentoring junior team members (a plus)

 

The Company

Rodan + Fields? is defining the future of social commerce for a social
category. As a leading anti-aging skincare company founded by Dr. Katie Rodan
and Dr. Kathy Fields, world-renowned dermatologists and creators of Proactiv?
Solution, Rodan + Fields crowd sources the marketing and sales of
clinically-proven, transformative products by empowering personal enterprise.
With high double-digit annual growth since its inception in 2008, a growing
network of demographically attractive independent consultants and customers,
groundbreaking product introductions and industry accolades, Rodan + Fields is
a fast-paced, values-anchored company at the intersection of consumer packaged
goods, digital products and personal enterprise in the heart of San Francisco.

 

Apply Apply Later
? Back to Current Openings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Powered by Jobvite

