This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > Germany
  • > Stuttgart, Germany
  • > Management
  • > Management Analysts

Data Science Analyst - 01222581
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Science Analyst

Key Role:

Join an agile team of data scientists and software developers in a Fast-paced
environment, supporting public affairs with the development and implementation
of a media monitoring capability. Display excellent technical, data mining, and
analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate
sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights to
inform senior decision makers or address a pressing business problem.
Collaborate with data scientists and software engineers to develop new
analytics from a variety of data sources, including unstructured social media
text and economic indicators. Work closely with a variety of clients to capture
and document information requirements, formulate data collection plans,
implement normalization processes, and develop keyword taxonomies and queries
to extract accurate and timely business information from existing data
environments. Interpret results independently using a variety of techniques,
ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data
mining. Work with the client and project leadership to identify analytical
requirements and synchronize, integrate, and operate technical systems,
hardware, and software to meet mission parameters. Adapt quickly to comprehend
each client's unique business constraints and needs and resolve those
challenges, applying data analysis expertise to create solutions through the
application of appropriate analytical techniques and methods. This position is
located in Germany.

Basic Qualifications:

-3+ years of experience in communications and outreach, communicating
effectively with senior clients orally and writing for various audiences from
multiple points of view

-3+ years of experience with current social media and digital landscape in
designated regions to support CCMD missions

-3+ years of experience in working directly with clients to gather
requirements, facilitate analysis, and deliver high quality results

-3+ years of experience in cross

-education teams by deconstructing analysis, showing analytic process and
methodology, validating the tools used to create analysis, and making
recommendations based on analysis

-Active Secret clearance

-BA or BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience in working at a major or combatant command

-Experience with analysis at strategic and operational levels

-Experience with data science preferred

-Experience with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint

-Knowledge of basic statistics

-Knowledge of data visualization tools preferred

-Possession of excellent data gathering, analytical, and problem solving skills

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret
clearance is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
Germany/Data-Science-Analyst-01222581/J3L672601WG63SMZD2B/ Data Science Analyst
- 01222581

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg
  • Job Type: Management
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Business Management Jobs
  • Business Analyst Jobs
  • Jobs in Stuttgart,
  • Business Management Jobs in Stuttgart

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
