NLP Data Scientist

Job Title: NLP Data Scientist

Job Type:  Full-Time

Location:  Alexandria, VA

                           [Submit Your Application]
                              [Send to a Friend]
                            [Printer Friendly Page]
 
Job Description:

Do you want to use your skills in technology and Big Data to
fight cancer? The American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
has launched, CancerLinQ™, an exciting Big Data platform
containing vast amounts of real-world cancer information. This
national initiative is already live in 39 states across the US
and will aggregate data from the routine care experiences of
cancer patients to improve the quality of care and improve
health outcomes of all patients with cancer. The project has
been recognized by Vice President Joe Biden’s Moonshot to cure
cancer initiative. We are looking for a talented NLP Data
Scientist to join us in our fight against cancer using big data
technologies.

ASCO is a professional oncology society headquartered directly
outside of Washington D.C. in Alexandria, Virginia with over
40,000 members worldwide committed to conquering cancer through
research, education, prevention and delivery of high quality
patient care. Working as a part of CancerLinQ also offers a
unique opportunity for innovation in the growing world of health
IT while being supported by ASCO, one of the most established
organizations in health that is led by the world’s most trusted
experts in the oncology.

This is a fantastic opportunity for a highly motivated NLP Data
Scientist who enjoys tackling new challenges to work on a
groundbreaking platform.

Duties and Responsibilities:

  • Provide the computational sciences and medical informatics
    expertise to develop and support the integration of natural
    language processing (NLP) technologies into the CancerLinQ
    platform
  • Define and implement analytic approaches and new statistical
    and data management methodologies to improve current and
    future decision-making related to the analytic use of
    NLP-derived data
  • Contribute to the development of a research-grade oncology
    data enterprise by creating and developing algorithms and
    identifying and implementing solutions to promote
    utilization of NLP-derived data into business applications
  • Collaborate with CancerLinQ curation teams to plan, assess,
    and monitor NLP-assisted curation initiatives
  • Provide statistical and methodological expertise to assess
    and validate the accuracy, consistency, and fidelity of data
    derived from NLP and NLP-assisted curation initiatives
  • Translate for project sponsors, clinical users, and
    commercial clients abstract technical and implementation
    concepts related to NLP methodologies and adoption
    strategies
  • Work with project sponsors and external vendors to design,
    test, and deploy new system functionality
  • Assist with the development, maintenance, and adherence to
    policies, SOPs, and Data Management Plans (DMPs)

Required Skills/Experience:

  • Master’s or PhD degree in computer science, applied
    mathematics, economics, statistics, chemistry, physics,
    electrical engineering, healthcare informatics, or related
    field.
  • 5-10 years’ experience in data analysis using analytics
    packages such as: R, SAS, SPSS, MATLAB or similar software
  • Demonstrated experience with researching and applying
    machine learning and/or natural language processing (NLP)
    methodologies
  • Experience in data modeling, algorithm development and data
    quality analysis
  • Considerable skill in effective verbal and written
    communications
  • Enjoys and excels in working in multidisciplinary,
    team-based settings with other technical and clinical
    specialists. 

The ideal candidate will also possess:

  • Experience working with business intelligence software
  • A strong track record of solving data issues and creating
    reproducible analyses and well documented processes
  • Experience with one or more of the following:  Map/Reduce,
    NoSQL, SQL, ETL, XML
  • Familiarity with programming languages (Java, Python etc)
    and relational databases (SQL, Oracle, etc.)
  • Prior experience in, or strong knowledge of, health IT

ASCO is a stable, forward-thinking, growing membership
organization that operates in a results-focused work environment
in which employees’ evaluation emphasizes performance outcomes
over presence or time. This is an Alexandria, Virginia-based
position that offers an excellent benefits package, subsidized
parking or Metro benefits, and opportunities to participate in
professional development programs. To learn more about ASCO,
please visit www.asco.org/jobs.

ASCO is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)


                   Powered By:Ceridian Recruiting Solutions
