‚ò∞
GEICO Careers

  ‚Ä¢ Jobs
  ‚Ä¢ Help

Settings

Strategic Modeling & Statistical Analyst

üîç Chevy Chase, Maryland, United States

 
üìÅ
    Data & Analytics

üìÖ Óú§ Óú∏ Óúä
    16000009 Requisition #

üìÖ Óú§ Óú∏ Óúä
    Jan 04, 2016 Post Date

Apply for Job
Share this Job
Sign Up for Job Alerts

A Strategic Modeling Analyst position in the Pricing, Product & Reserving
department offers an opportunity to be involved in the development of complex
solutions to critical business problems faced by GEICO!

 

Ready to make an impact? If so, read on!

 

Job Duties & Responsibilities:

 

As a Strategic Modeling Analyst you will be collecting, organizing, validating
and analyzing data to support these product reviews or pricing analyses,
utilizing statistical modeling and analysis techniques on state specific and
countrywide data, and then presenting and communicating your proposals to all
levels of management, including the regional and corporate executives.

 

Would you like to join our innovative team? If so, do you meet these
qualifications?

 

Candidate Qualifications:

‚Ä¢ Bachelor's degree; minimum 3.0 undergraduate GPA

‚Ä¢ Demonstrated ability in mathematical, statistical, financial or economic
related analyses

‚Ä¢ Ability to work within a project plan

‚Ä¢ Programming skills, such as SAS, SQL, Statistical Modeling tools or similar,
and demonstrated   ability to learn new tools

‚Ä¢ Excellent interpersonal and communication skills

‚Ä¢ Excellent quantitative and problem solving skills

‚Ä¢ Knowledge or experience related to insurance underwriting sources is a plus 

 

*Please provide a cover letter and all unofficial transcripts when submitting
your application.

 

Salary Information:

Entry level salary starting in the mid to upper $50K range

 

 

About GEICO

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance
industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers
thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an
industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates.
As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates
training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding
workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates
are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:


  ‚Ä¢ 401(k) and profit-sharing plans
  ‚Ä¢ Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
  ‚Ä¢ Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
  ‚Ä¢ Tuition reimbursement
  ‚Ä¢ Associate assistance program
  ‚Ä¢ Flexible spending accounts
  ‚Ä¢ Business casual dress
  ‚Ä¢ Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
  ‚Ä¢ Associate clubs and sports teams
  ‚Ä¢ Volunteer opportunities
  ‚Ä¢ GEICO Federal Credit Union


* Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and
background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click "Apply for Job" to complete your application. You will need an active
email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word
.doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access
it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience
from at least the past five years.
#LI-POST
[                    ]
Previous Job Searches

My Profile

Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.

Go to Profile

My Submissions

Track your opportunities.

My Submissions

Similar Listings

Product Strategy Analyst

Óú§ Chevy Chase, Maryland, United States

üìÅ Data & Analytics

Requisition #: 16000001

Modeling Analyst - Data Mining, Statistical Analysis and Decision Modeling

Óú§ Chevy Chase, Maryland, United States

üìÅ Data & Analytics

Requisition #: 1600001D

Customer Insights Analyst

Óú§ Chevy Chase, Maryland, United States

üìÅ Data & Analytics

Requisition #: 160000ZQ

View More Listings

  ‚Ä¢ Jobs
  ‚Ä¢ Help
  ‚Ä¢ Sitemap

¬© GEICO Careers. All rights reserved.

  ‚Ä¢ Privacy
  ‚Ä¢ Legal
  ‚Ä¢ geico.com
  ‚Ä¢ Contact Us

 
 
 
 
 
 
0 0
