JavaScript is turned off in your web browser. Turn it on to take full advantage
of this site, then refresh the page.

Loading...
Skip to Main Content

Career Opportunities: Sr Statistical Analyst (15361)

Req Id 15361 - Posted 08/26/2016 - Location (1) - Clinical Affairs - Direct
Hire - Dexcom
?  Job Description Print Preview
Apply Apply using LinkedIn? Save Job Email Job to Friend Return to List

 

About Dexcom:

Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology
to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our
inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and
clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering
our community to take control of diabetes.

 

SUMMARY

Responsible for creating, reviewing, and maintaining statistical programs
(primarily in SAS language), including macros that will generate analysis
datasets, listings, tables, and figures. These duties will be performed
primarily in support of all clinical studies and regulatory submissions. Will
also clean and prepare data for analysis, assist scientific publications and
presentations as well as conduct and interpret simple to complex statistical
data analysis and modeling and present scientific findings.

 

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

  * Responsible for SAS programming related to clinical studies. This will
    include, but is not limited to, the maintenance, creation, development,
    documentation, validation and production of all SAS programs/macros
    creating datasets, tables, figures and listings for clinical study reports.
  * Responsible for the creation, development and production of SAS programs
    creating datasets, tables, figures and listings written for regulatory
    submissions, exploratory analyses related to publications, Marketing, R&D
    support, and Manufacturing/Operations support.
  * Perform statistical programming, data accuracy and quality checks for
    clinical study databases, and assistance when necessary with Data
    Management activities and preparation of statistical analysis plans and
    statistical reports.
  * Clean and prepare data for analysis, assist scientific publications and
    presentations as well as conduct and interpret simple to complex
    statistical data analysis and modeling.
  * The incumbent will also perform statistical related analyses and
    discussions for all abstracts and manuscripts created from clinical trial
    data as assigned.
  * The incumbent will lead statistical analyses, present analysis results and
    participate in operations meeting and discussions as assigned.
  * Assumes and performs other duties as assigned.

 

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

This job has no supervisory responsibilities.

 

QUALIFICATIONS 

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each
essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative
of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may
be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential
functions.

 

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE

A minimal of Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) from four-year college or
university in Mathematic, Computer Science, Statistics, or related field;
advanced degrees are preferred.  At least 5 years related experiences (or
combination of education and experience) in statistical analyses in clinical
and non-clinical data environments.

A working knowledge of SAS and strong statistical analysis skills are required.
Must be able to work with minimal oversight and work as a member of a project
team.

 

LANGUAGE SKILLS

Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals,
professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. 
Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. 
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups
of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.

 

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS

Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical
inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. 
Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and
proportions to practical situations.

 

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete
variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to
interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or
schedule form.

 

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be
met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities
to perform the essential functions.

 

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to
sit.  The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; use hands to
finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop,
kneel, crouch, or crawl; and talk or hear.  The employee must occasionally lift
and/or move up to 25 pounds.  Specific vision abilities required by this job
include close vision, distance vision, color vision, and ability to adjust
focus.

 

WORK ENVIRONMENT 

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those
an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities
to perform the essential functions.

 

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed
to wet and/or humid conditions and outside weather conditions.  The noise level
in the work environment is usually quiet.

 

Apply Apply using LinkedIn? Save Job Email Job to Friend Return to List
Email this job to a friend
 

    ?

 
 

    ?
    The job has been sent to

 

                     Please provide the information below
             Job title:              
        *Your email address:         [                                        ]
   *Your friend's email address:     [                                        ]
                                     [                                        ]
                                     [                                        ]
                                     [                                        ]
              Message:               [                                        ]
   Maximum character limit: 1000     [                                        ]
                                     [                                        ]
                                     [                                        ]
                                     [                                        ]
         Verification code:          
*Please enter the verification code  
               here:

Send Cancel
Powered by SuccessFactors
