This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at ITA Member Companies>

  * Home
  * Sponsoring Companies
      + Trustwave
  * Student College Network
  * Employer login
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > ITA Member Companies
  * > United States
  * > Champaign, IL
  * > Engineering
  * > Software Developers

Capital One - Machine Learning Data Engineer
at ITA Member Companies

Date Posted: 1/10/2017
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

U of I Research Park (35009), United States of America, Champaign, Illinois

Machine Learning Data Engineer

As Machine Learning engineer on the Data Intelligence team, you will contribute
to building a fast data and machine learning platform scalable to solve diverse
business problems.  We envision, create, deploy, and maintain full stack
technology solutions powered by streaming big data, state of the art machine
learning, micro-service architecture, and intuitive visualizations in the
cloud. At Capital One, we have seas of big data and rivers of fast data. To
manage this, we are working with a number of cutting edge machine learning
technologies, and are actively developing more. We are highly technical with
strong backgrounds in what we do.  Our use cases range from cyber threat
prevention to predicting environment outages to enable our always on 24/7
services.  We have the highest executive support and direct impact on our
customer experience and bottom line.

Who you are:

? You yearn to be part of cutting edge, high profile projects and are motivated
by delivering world-class solutions on an aggressive schedule

? Someone who is not intimidated by challenges; thrives even under pressure; is
passionate about their craft; and hyper focused on delivering exceptional
results

? You love to learn new technologies and mentor junior engineers to raise the
bar on your team

? It would be awesome if you have a robust portfolio on Github and / or
open source contributions you are proud to share

? You use, or are passionate about learning, and implementing complex systems
to further customer goals. Implementing complex data structures or optimizing
distributed machine learning deployments is something that you're excited
about.

#ilovedata

What we have:

? Flexible work schedules

? Convenient office locations

? Generous salary and merit-based pay incentives

? A startup mindset with the wallet and resources of a top 10 bank

? Monthly innovation challenges dedicated to test driving cutting edge
technologies

? Your choice of equipment (MacBook/PC, iPhone/Android Device)

Basic Qualifications:

- Bachelor?s Degree or military experience

- At least 2 years of experience working with Machine Learning frameworks and
Data Science methodologies

- At least 2 years? experience writing production code with either Java, Scala
or Python

-At least 1 year of combined experience with the following technologies: Spark,
Scala, Akka, Cassandra, Accumulo, Hbase, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Mesos

Preferred Qualifications:

- Master's Degree

- Experience with recognized industry patterns, methodologies, and techniques

- 3 years+ of experience in working on and delivering research oriented data
driven problems

- 1 year+ experience with AWS, specifically S3, EC2, and EMR

- 1 year+ experience with Spark, HDFS, and related large data technologies

- 1 year+ experience working with machine learning like SciKit-Learn, MLLib, or
Theano, in production environments

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment
authorization for this position.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/ita/en-us/job/United-States/
Capital-One-Machine-Learning-Data-Engineer/J3J1MS62ZXQZ1VFTN4H/ Capital One -
Machine Learning Data Engineer

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Champaign
  * Job Type: Engineering
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 1/10/2017

About Us

It doesn?t matter if you are a job seeker, an employer or a student looking for
internships; the ITA Talent Portal is your access point to tech in Greater
Chicago and Illinois. Professional job seekers should join our Talent Network
and students should join our College Network. Not familiar with ITA? Visit
illinoistech.org to learn more about ITA and our services.

How do I post a job or search the Talent and College Networks?

Employers who would like to post jobs or search the professional and student
databases in the ITA Talent Portal must be from a technology company who is a
current member of the Illinois Technology Association (ITA). To learn more or
find out if you qualify, contact us at 312-435-2805 or email,
talent@illinoistech.org.

What is a Talent Network?

Talent Networks enhance your job search and application process. Whether you
choose to apply or just leave your information, we look forward to staying
connected with you.

Why Join?

  * Receive alerts with new job opportunities that match your interests
  * Share job opportunities through Social Media or email

>> View All Jobs

 

Important Notice
The Illinois Technology Association (ITA) provides this web site as a service
for ITA members. The postings listed on this site are for positions with an ITA
member company and are not employment opportunities with ITA. Any employment
application, interview or job opportunity is between the member company and the
applicant.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Software Engineer Jobs
  * Project Engineer Jobs
  * Jobs in Urbana, Illinois
  * Software Engineer Jobs in Urbana, Illinois

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * vimeo-small

[p]
