This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  * Home
  * What We Do
  * Who We Serve
  * About Us
  * Featured Careers
      + Cleared Professionals
      + Commercial Careers
      + Consulting Careers
      + Corporate Professionals
      + Cyber Careers
      + Data Science & Analytics Careers
      + Digital & Cloud Careers
      + Engineering Careers
      + Graduating Students and Internships
      + Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      + Southeast Asia Careers
      + Strategic Innovations Careers
      + Transitioning Military
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > Booz Allen Hamilton
  * > United States
  * > Fort Meade, MD
  * > Strategy - Planning
  * > Market Research Analysts and Marketing Specialists

Statistical Data Analyst - 01221529
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Statistical Data Analyst

Key Role:

Provide support for a large

-scale data analytics project. Conduct all

-source intelligence research, navigate legacy database systems, and generate
reports to support data analytic assessments. Leverage excellent research,
writing, analytic, and data and business analytic expertise. Display experience
with strategic planning, initiative, and superb team working expertise, work
independently, and maintain a positive and professional attitude. Demonstrate
knowledge of the Signature Reduction (SR) community or expertise related to SR
concepts or efforts.

Basic Qualifications:

-1+ years of experience with statistical analysis of large data sets

-1+ years of experience in the intelligence community

-Experience in working with or in database applications, including Python and R

-Experience in working with large sets, conducting analysis, and preparing
associated reports documentation required

-Experience with research or professional writing

-TS/SCI clearance

-BA or BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with writing intelligence reports and assessments

-Experience with counterintelligence and regional expertise

-Experience with data analysis, including Microsoft Excel, R, Python, or
related tools

-Knowledge of big data analysis and database software

-Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

-Possession of excellent research and analytic skills

-TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph

-MA or MS degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Statistical-Data-Analyst-01221529/J3L0ND676NMVLVTKNTP/ 
Statistical Data Analyst - 01221529

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Fort Meade, MD
  * Job Type: Strategy - Planning
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Marketing Jobs
  * Business Analyst Jobs
  * Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  * Marketing Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  * Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  * Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
