visa logo
☰
Visa Talent Scout

  • Jobs
  • Help
  • REWARDS

Settings

Information Security Data Scientist

New

🔍 United States, California, Foster City

 
📁
    Technology

📅   
    164030 Requisition #

📅   
    4 days ago Post Date

Apply for Job
Share this Job
Sign Up for Job Alerts
Data Scientist
 
Visa operates the world’s largest retail electronic payments network and is one
of the most recognized global financial services brands.  Visa facilitates
global commerce through the transfer of value and information among financial
institutions, merchants, consumers, businesses and government entities.
 
We offer a range of branded payment product platforms, which our financial
institution clients use to develop and offer credit, charge, deferred debit,
prepaid and cash access programs to cardholders.  Visa’s card platforms provide
consumers, businesses, merchants and government entities with a secure,
convenient and reliable way to pay and be paid in more than 200 countries and
territories.
  
Behind the Visa brand are more than 9,000 talented employees who continuously
raise the bar with innovative solutions and products that deliver the
convenience and security of digital currency to more people all over the world.
 
Overview:
 
Information security is an integral part of Visa’s corporate culture.  It is
essential to maintaining our position as an industry leader in electronic
payments, and it is the responsibility of each and every employee to safeguard
information, protect it from unauthorized access, and ensure regulatory
compliance.  Information security has a significant effect on privacy, consumer
confidence, external reputation, and/or the bottom line, and it is a priority
on everyone’s agenda.
 
The successful candidate will part of Visa Security Analytics program and
design, develop and implement statistical and machine learning anomaly
detection models in the Hadoop ecosystem. Visa Security Analytics (VSA) program
has an enterprise security focus, and is responsive to evolving threat
landscape, regulatory compliance, IT security requirements and technology
architecture. The VSA program is part of cyber security organization, handles
long-term retention for security system logs and security sensor logs.
 
This position based in Foster City, California.
 

  ● Will be a part of the Security Analytics group and will primarily focused
    on entire data science life cycle activities.
  ● Cyber security use case requirement gathering, perform large-scale data
    analysis and develop effective statistical and machine learning models for
    improving Cybersecurity capabilities at VISA.
  ● Work closely with Data Engineering team to proactively deploy data science
    models and making models operational.
  ● Responsible for all the data scientist model development life – analysis,
    design, build, test, deploy and operationalization.
  ● Suggest improvements in the tools and techniques to help scale the team
    always look out for continuous improvement from technology and process
    perspective
  ● The successful candidate should be adoptive to the Visa's agile environment

Requirements/Qualifications:

  ● 10+ years of professional experience is a must. 
  ● MS or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (applied mathematics,
    statistics, computer science, operations research, or related field) from a
    leading academic institution
  ● Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R,SAS or Matlab
  ● Comfortable on the command line and with Unix core tools
  ● Strong Programmer - Python, Perl, Java, and/or C++. Experience with
    relational database (SQL, PL*SQL) is a plus
  ● Experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Hadoop, PIG,
    etc.)
  ● Thorough knowledge of supervised and unsupervised modeling techniques.
  ● Comfort analyzing large, complex, high-dimensional datasets
  ● Strong passion for empirical research and answering hard questions with
    data


About Visa:

Common Purpose, Uncommon Opportunity. Everyone at Visa works with one goal in
mind – making sure that Visa is the best way to pay and be paid, for everyone
everywhere. This is our global vision and the common purpose that unites the
entire Visa team. As a global payments technology company, tech is at the heart
of what we do. CyberSource, a Visa company, has been and continues to be a
pioneer within the e-Commerce Payment Management world. Our VisaNet network is
capable of handling over 65,000 transaction messages per second for people and
businesses around the world, enabling them to use digital currency instead of
cash and checks.

We are also global advocates for financial inclusion, working with partners
around the world to help those who lack access to financial services join the
global economy. Visa’s sponsorships, including the Olympics and FIFA™ World
Cup, celebrate teamwork, diversity, and excellence throughout the world. If you
have a passion to make a difference in the lives of people around the world,
Visa offers an uncommon opportunity to build a strong, thriving career. Visa is
fueled by our team of talented employees who continuously raise the bar on
delivering the convenience and security of digital currency to people all over
the world. Join our team and find out how Visa is everywhere you want to be.

“Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories
in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco
Police Code.”

[                    ]
My Profile

Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.

Go to Profile

My Submissions

Track your opportunities.

My Submissions

Similar Listings

Lead Engineer - Hadoop Administrator

 United States, California, Foster City

📁 Technology

Requisition #: 164500

Staff Information Security Engineer

 United States, Texas, Austin

📁 Technology

Requisition #: 165255

Security Metrics and Reporting – Data Visualization Analyst

 United States, California, Foster City

📁 Technology

Requisition #: 165006

View More Listings

  • Jobs
  • Help
  • Sitemap
  • REWARDS

© Visa Talent Scout. All rights reserved.
1 1
