Ford Logo

  * COMPANY
      + Overview
      + Community
      + History
      + Corporate Governance
      + Global Operations
  * VEHICLES
  * INNOVATION
  * CAREERS
      + Overview
      + Employee Profiles
      + Departments
      + Recruiting Events
      + Careers FAQs
    U.S. Jobs For:
      + Professionals
      + Students
      + Veterans
  * INVESTORS
      + Overview
      + Reports and Filings
      + Investor Events
      + Stock Info & Tools
      + Investor FAQs
  * NEWS

Shop Ford Shop Lincoln Media
Facebook Twitter YouTube Global

  * Careers Home >
  * Back to Previous >
  * Ford Data Analytics Scientist

Data Analytics Scientist

Apply    
Auto Req ID:
26176BR
Job Title:
Data Analytics Scientist
Location:
Dearborn
State:
MI
Company:
Ford Motor Company
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Job Description
Data Analytics Scientist

Position Overview/Description:

Ford Motor Company's Global Data Insight & Analytics (GDIA) organization is
looking for an analytics scientist that has a deep understanding of data
management and analysis. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the
brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automobile
industry. In this role, you will support the development of optimization models
by assembling data from a variety of sources as a member of the Advanced
Operational Analytics team in GDIA. The developed models will provide decision
support to other Ford organizations, such as Product Development, Strategy, and
Sustainability. Additionally, you will support initiatives to leverage unique
data streams using predictive analytics, and quantify the customer value of
vehicle technologies.

Responsibilities


You will be responsible for providing the data analytics support for
departmental tasks, including assembly of data for building models and
performing predictive/prescriptive analytics. In addition, you will:



  * Ingest large data sets from a variety of sources (SQL, Teradata, Oracle,
    Hadoop, and 3^rd party sources in the public domain)
  * Support analytical model building by data mapping and preprocessing, and
    document information flows
  * Identify key data elements to extract/decode/analyze
  * Develop predictive analytics and machine learning algorithms using business
    critical datasets
  * Work collaboratively with various business groups and regions to
    disseminate critical information and develop strategic opportunities

Job Requirements:

Basic Qualifications:



  * Master of Science Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics,
    Engineering, Management Information Systems, Physics, or similar field
  * 1+ years of academic or business experience in one or more of the
    following:
      + A data analytics role including running queries and compiling data
      + Predictive analytics including machine learning
      + Big Data technologies including Greenplum, Python, or Hadoop (HDFS,
        MapReduce, Hive, Shark, Spark, etc.), command line experience with
        loading and manipulating files within HDFS

Preferred Qualifications:



  * PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Management
    Information Systems, Physics, or similar field
  * Knowledge of data transfer and ingestion technologies including Talend and
    HVR
  * Demonstrated experience building visualizations using Tableau/Qlikview/
    Alteryx
  * Expertise with manipulating data to form unified data sets for analysis
  * Strong oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills
  * Proficiency in Word, Excel and PowerPoint
  * Ability to write complex NoSQL queries needed to identify & analyze data
  * Experience with SPSS, AMPL, WEKA, Matlab, R, SAS, or similar software
  * Experience working with global teams
  * Comfortable working in an environment where problems are not always
    well-defined, and interested in learning new tools and techniques


The distance between imagination and ? creation. It can be measured in years of
innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team; discover
all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you?d expect from a
diverse global leader. You?ll become part of a team that is already leading the
way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products ? and it is always ready
to go further.


Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.


Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally
diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for
employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin,
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran
status.


Apply    
[TZwdU]

  * COMPANY

    Overview
      + Community
      + History
      + Corporate Governance
  * VEHICLES

    VEHICLES

    Overview
  * INNOVATION

    INNOVATION

    Overview
  * CAREERS

    Overview
      + Employee Profiles
      + Departments
      + Recruiting Events
      + Careers FAQs
  * INVESTORS

    Overview
      + Reports and Filings
      + Investor Events
      + Stock Info & Tools
      + Investor FAQs

  * Ford Press

      + Media
      + Ford Magazine
      + Sustainability Report
  * Contact Us

      + Your Vehicles
      + Ford Motor Company
      + Shareholder Services
      + Investor Relations
  * Around the Oval

      + Ford Merchandise
      + Ford Racing
      + Ford Driving Skills for Life
      + Warriors In Pink
  * Customer Support

      + Ford Support Us
      + Lincoln Support Us
  * Shop

      + Ford U.S.
      + Lincoln U.S.
      + Global

Connect

social.ford.com
Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram

  * Image alt
  * ?2015 Ford Motor Company
  * Privacy
  * Your California Privacy Rights
  * Human Trafficking: CA Disclosure
  * Conflict Minerals
  * Terms and Conditions
  * Image alt

