Skip Navigation

  • att.com
  • att.jobs

  • Log In
  • Application Status
  • Employees

Share (Opens New Window)
AT&T Careers

  • Join our Talent Network
  • Featured Stories
  • Saved Jobs
  • Menu
  • Menu
      □ Doing Great Things
          ☆ Overview
          ☆ Life at AT&T
              ○ Learning & Development
              ○ Inside Stories
              ○ Diversity
              ○ Careers Without Limits
              ○ Videos
              ○ #LifeatATT
              ○ Rewards
          ☆ Sustainability
          ☆ Community
          ☆ Innovation
          ☆ Military
              ○ Military Spouse
          ☆ Awards
          ☆ AT&T's Women
      □ Careers
          ☆ Overview
          ☆ Call Center
          ☆ College
              ○ Full-Time Development Programs
              ○ Internships
          ☆ Content & Entertainment
          ☆ Corporate
          ☆ Technology
          ☆ Retail
              ○ Part-Time
          ☆ Sales
          ☆ Technician
          ☆ Contractor Opportunities
      □ Resources
          ☆ Overview
          ☆ Job Guide
          ☆ Events
          ☆ Application Status
          ☆ Hiring Process
          ☆ FAQ
      □ Locations
          ☆ Overview
          ☆ Americas
          ☆ Asia Pacific
          ☆ EMEA

Search Jobs

Keyword Search [                    ]

City, State, or ZIP [                    ] [Use Location]

Search

Search Jobs
Connect to your greatest potential

Internships Jobs

Ready to move to the front of the class? Our Internships consistently turn
today’s students into tomorrow’s leaders. And with real-world projects,
specialized training programs and leadership exposure, it’s no surprise. Plus
you’ll connect to a network of peers as equally motivated as you. It’s all
designed to give you the right launching pad for an amazing career. Why make
your future wait?

Big Data Technical Intern I

BEDMINSTER , New Jersey

Apply Save This JobRemove Job

At AT&T we bring the world together with technology in ways you never imagined.
With a range of products and services enhancing how you live, play and work,
we’re keeping you connected to the future.We rely on the latest in data science
and engineering to curate, analyze and improve our customer experience and
operations.

With massive scale comes massive opportunity.The Big Data team at AT&T strives
to lead transformation through data-driven decisions that advance the customer
experience and businesses around the world. This 12-week internship is your
chance to gain experience that will make you stand out. And with our Big Data
know-how, you’ll discover and develop meaningful insights that inspire
continuous innovation.

Wondering where you fit into the team?As a data scientist or data engineer,
you’ll use your talent for breaking down business problems into data-driven
analyses that guide improvements in customer satisfaction and generate millions
in savings and potentially revenue.Your solutions could influence everything
from fleet optimization and energy efficiency to content analytics and
marketing – often before the problem even happens. Add the ongoing skill
development and collaboration with some of the brightest minds in the field,
and you will be poised to make an impact.

Ready to combine your skills and experience with our innovative technology
solutions? We are looking for candidates pursuing an undergraduate degree in a
strong quantitative field, have programming experience and UNIX/LINUX
knowledge.

We know you want to get more details.Hear from our team members already on the
fast track to success and learn the requirements for each role.

Ready? Apply today.



Requisition ID 1652055-1 Apply If you’re not ready to apply,
join our Talent Network to stay in the loop >

Share this job

  • Facebook
  • Google+
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn

Featured Stories

  • AT&T lounge area

    How AT&T Is Revolutionizing Their Workplace

  • Spread the Cheer | AT&T

    Spread the Cheer | AT&T

  • Interns who give back

    AT&T Interns Give Back in National Day of Impact

  • AT&T Experience Weekend

    AT&T Experience Weekend

  • Summer Internship

    8 Ways to Ace Your Summer Internship

  • Interns creating live saving inventions

    AT&T Intern's Invention Will Help to Save Lives

Read more

Explore more stories

"AT&T Big Data Scientist Intern"

Five star employee rating

Former Employee - Data Scientist Intern in Plano, TX

Pros

An open, collaborative environment, where everyone is willing to teach and
support you. New technologies, large data-sets, and free food!

Cons

Some red tape as it is a massive company.

Powered By Glassdoor Logo
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Inside Stories

Be our next generation
innovation generation

Join the innovation generation

Make a name for yourself

Make a name for yourself

Set the bar higher

Set the bar higher

Take a leap of innovation

Take a leap of innovation

AT&T Experience Weekend 2015

AT&T Experience Weekend 2015

#LifeAtATT

We work hard and play even harder. Because with everything we do, #LifeAtATT is
always an adventure.

Life at AT&T - Just ask our team Just ask our team

Doing Great Things

  • Man sitting in park, using laptop

    Building a brighter future

    In 2015, we saved $119 million in annualized energy – and that’s only the
    start of how we’re in the business of doing good.

  • Man sitting on stoop, talking on phone

    Making an impact

    We’re working to make a difference in our communities – like our $250
    million commitment to education through AT&T Aspire.

  • Three peope in a business meeting

    Ensuring every voice matters

    With 115,000+ employees in our employee networks, we celebrate the amazing
    things our differences bring to the table.

  • Military man smiling

    Putting military skills to work

    We’re on a mission to hire the best talent – a big mission. We’re committed
    to hiring 20,000 veterans by 2020.

  • Two men looking over paper

    Developing what’s next

    Whether it’s in AT&T Labs, the AT&T Foundry or our Mobile App Hackathons,
    we’re unleashing talent and turning big ideas into big possibilities.

  • Woman speaking at a meeting

    Taking your career far

    With mentors to guide your way and lots of training opportunities, there’s
    no limit to how much you can grow or where your career can go.

Join the Talent Network

Sign up to receive a monthly newsletter and be the first to know about career
events, new openings and exclusive updates.

Join Now

Saved Jobs

You haven't saved any jobs yet.

  • Doing Great Things
      □ Overview
      □ Life at AT&T
          ☆ Learning & Development
          ☆ Inside Stories
          ☆ Diversity
          ☆ Careers Without Limits
          ☆ Videos
          ☆ #LifeatATT
          ☆ Rewards
      □ Sustainability
      □ Community
      □ Innovation
      □ Military
      □ Whats Happening
      □ Awards
      □ AT&T's Women
  • Careers
      □ Overview
      □ Call Center
      □ College
          ☆ Development programs
          ☆ Internships
      □ Content & Entertainment
      □ Corporate
      □ Technology
      □ Retail
          ☆ Part-Time
      □ Sales
      □ Technician
      □ Contractor Opportunities
  • Resources
      □ Overview
      □ Events
      □ Application Status
      □ Hiring Process
      □ FAQ
  • Locations
      □ Overview
      □ Americas
      □ Asia Pacific
      □ EMEA
  • att.com
  • Featured Stories

Stay Connected

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn

  • Glassdoor
  • Youtube
  • Jobipedia

Back to Top
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms of Use
  • Sitemap

Share

© 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, AT&T logo and all
other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/
or AT&T affiliated companies.

Discrimination and all unlawful harassment (including sexual harassment) in
employment is not tolerated. We encourage success based on our individual
merits and abilities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status,
citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or employment
status. We support and obey laws that prohibit discrimination everywhere we do
business. AT&T fully considers all qualified applicants including those with a
criminal history. Click here to learn more or request an application
accommodation here.

