This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  * Home
  * What We Do
  * Who We Serve
  * About Us
  * Featured Careers
      + Cleared Professionals
      + Commercial Careers
      + Consulting Careers
      + Corporate Professionals
      + Cyber Careers
      + Data Science & Analytics Careers
      + Digital & Cloud Careers
      + Engineering Careers
      + Graduating Students and Internships
      + Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      + Southeast Asia Careers
      + Strategic Innovations Careers
      + Transitioning Military
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > Booz Allen Hamilton
  * > United States
  * > Chantilly, VA
  * > Science
  * > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist - EG_01220423
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist

Key Role:

Work as a data scientist with advanced analytics expertise for Booz Allen
Hamilton. Apply expertise in advanced analytics and work with industry

-leading Cloud computing technologists and data scientists to solve large

-scale, complex, and challenging business problems across the public and
private sectors. Allocate across markets and industries, address business
challenges, perform analysis, explain the analysis to clients, and provide
solutions to the problem with Data-driven products. Develop machine learning,
data mining, and statistical and graph

-based algorithms designed to analyze massive data sets and partner with Cloud
technologists to ensure proper implementation and usage of algorithms. Serve as
a client interface and participate in requirements gathering and analysis,
process and systems definition, data analysis, presentation of analysis to the
clients, and development of algorithm

-driven products and solutions.

Basic Qualifications:

-Experience with data analytics

-Experience with programming using an object

-oriented language, including Java, C++, C#, or Python

-TS/SCI clearance

-BA or BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-MA or MS degree preferred

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information TS/SCI
clearance is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.



SIG2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-EG-01220423/J3H20X6JZJJH388XMZ8/ Data Scientist -
EG_01220423

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Chantilly, VA
  * Job Type: Science
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Scientist Jobs
  * Computer Scientist Jobs
  * Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  * Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  * Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  * Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
