Toggle Main Navigation MathWorks

  • Log In
  • Products
  • Solutions
  • Academia
  • Support
  • Community
  • Events
  • Contact Us
  • How To Buy

  • Contact Us
  • How To Buy
  • Log In

MathWorks

  • Products
  • Solutions
  • Academia
  • Support
  • Community
  • Events

Careers at MathWorks

  • Careers Overview
  • Teams & Roles
      □ Overview
      □ Engineering & Development
      □ Sales & Support
      □ Marketing
      □ Business Operations
  • Job Search
  • New Graduates & Students
      □ Overview
      □ Engineering & Computer Science (Bachelor's, Master's, PhD)
      □ Non-Engineering
      □ Internships
      □ College Recruiting Schedule
  • Resources
      □ Awards and Recognition
      □ U.S. Benefits
      □ Office Locations
  • Careers Account

  • Careers Overview
  • Teams & Roles
      □ Overview
      □ Engineering & Development
      □ Sales & Support
      □ Marketing
      □ Business Operations
  • Job Search
  • New Graduates & Students
      □ Overview
      □ Engineering & Computer Science (Bachelor's, Master's, PhD)
      □ Non-Engineering
      □ Internships
      □ College Recruiting Schedule
  • Resources
      □ Awards and Recognition
      □ U.S. Benefits
      □ Office Locations
  • Careers Account

Search for more jobs

Machine Learning Developer

Job:
US-MA-Natick | Software Development | 16845-SMAR
Apply Now

Job Summary

Help us provide cutting edge machine learning capabilities in the MATLAB
environment. You will join a team of computer scientists and statisticians who
deliver accurate algorithms that can scale up to Big Data applications, and who
build easy-to-use interfaces to those algorithms. If you want a job where you
can exercise and improve your machine learning expertise and your software
engineering skills, come join the development team for the Statistics and
Machine Learning Toolbox. As a key member of the development team, you will
lead projects from early design stages and play a critical role in driving them
to delivery.   

About the team:

The Statistics team is a talented group of software engineers, quality
engineers, user experience specialists, and technical writers all working in
close collaboration.  We deliver solutions that will be used throughout the
world by our diverse users, ranging from students to professionals in large
enterprise organizations.

Responsibilities

  • Designing and developing machine learning and statistics functions written
    in MATLAB or C++
  • Driving multiple projects from research, requirements gathering, creating
    and managing project plans, designing, and delivering the product
  • Collaborating with the team to refine business ideas and define
    requirements for projects

Minimum Qualifications

  • A bachelor's degree and 3 years of professional work experience (or a
    master's degree) is required.

Additional Qualifications

  • Experience writing software that is used by others
  • Expertise in multiple machine learning and statistics areas such as Bayes
    methods and "big data" algorithms
  • Experience with technical computing languages such as MATLAB or R
  • Knowledge of C++, Python, or Java
  • Experience with object-oriented design and implementation

Why MathWorks?

It’s the chance to collaborate with bright, passionate people. It’s
contributing to software products that make a difference in the world. And it’s
being part of a company with an incredible commitment to doing the right thing
– for each individual, our customers, and the local community.

MathWorks develops MATLAB and Simulink, the leading technical computing
software used by engineers and scientists. The company employs 3500 people in
15 countries, with headquarters in Natick, Massachusetts, U.S.A. MathWorks is
privately held and has been profitable every year since its founding in 1984.

Apply Now

MathWorks, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified
applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other
protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here.

Job:
US-MA-Natick
Software Development
16845-SMAR

Apply Now
× MathWorks

Select Your Country

Choose your country to get translated content where available and see local
events and offers. Based on your location, we recommend that you select: .

 

You can also select a location from the following list:

Americas

  • Canada (English)
  • United States (English)

Europe

  • Belgium (English)
  • Denmark (English)
  • Deutschland (Deutsch)
  • España (Español)
  • Finland (English)
  • France (Français)
  • Ireland (English)
  • Italia (Italiano)
  • Luxembourg (English)

  • Netherlands (English)
  • Norway (English)
  • Österreich (Deutsch)
  • Portugal (English)
  • Sweden (English)
  • Switzerland
      □ Deutsch
      □ English
      □ Français
  • United Kingdom (English)

Asia Pacific

  • Australia (English)
  • India (English)
  • New Zealand (English)
  • 中国 (简体中文)
  • 日本 (日本語)
  • 한국 (한국어)

See all countries

Explore Products

  • MATLAB
  • Simulink
  • Student Software
  • Hardware Support
  • File Exchange

Try or Buy

  • Downloads
  • Trial Software
  • Contact Sales
  • Pricing and Licensing

Learn to Use

  • Documentation
  • Tutorials
  • Examples
  • Videos and Webinars
  • Training

Get Support

  • Installation Help
  • Answers
  • Consulting
  • License Center

About MathWorks

  • Careers
  • Company Overview
  • Newsroom
  • Social Mission

MathWorks

Accelerating the pace of engineering and science

MathWorks is the leading developer of mathematical computing software for
engineers and scientists.

Discover...

  • United States

  • Patents
  • Trademarks
  • Privacy Policy
  • Preventing Piracy

© 1994-2017 The MathWorks, Inc.

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • Google+
  • LinkedIn
  • RSS

Join the conversation

