This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  * Home
  * What We Do
  * Who We Serve
  * About Us
  * Featured Careers
      + Cleared Professionals
      + Commercial Careers
      + Consulting Careers
      + Corporate Professionals
      + Cyber Careers
      + Data Science & Analytics Careers
      + Digital & Cloud Careers
      + Engineering Careers
      + Graduating Students and Internships
      + Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      + Southeast Asia Careers
      + Strategic Innovations Careers
      + Transitioning Military
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > Booz Allen Hamilton
  * > United States
  * > Washington, DC
  * > Science
  * > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Chief Data Scientist - 01211460
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Chief Data Scientist

Key Role:

Leverage experience with consulting to define business problems, work with and
manipulate data, develop data science and analytical algorithms and solutions,
and execute analytical models into production. Move across client sets to
address business challenges, perform analysis and explain the analysis to
clients in a digestible way, and provide solutions in the form of data driven
products that solve problems. Lead the identification of opportunities to apply
advanced analytics and data science, including predictive analytics,
prescriptive analytics, and cognitive computing solutions to challenges with
new and existing clients through the application of new, innovative
capabilities. Lead and support engagements across government clients, including
financial regulators, treasury, commerce, GSA, and entitlements agencies.
Provide thought leadership, drive business growth within the market, and
develop and maintain client relationships. Take an active role in the
development, mentoring, and coaching of the team, work actively to enhance the
diversity of the firm, and play a lead role in attracting, developing, and
retaining talent.

Basic Qualifications:

-10+ years of experience with analytics delivery in a consulting or internal
role, defining strategy, establishing client relationships, and delivering
innovative solutions

-Experience in the application of data science and advanced data analytics,
including structured, unstructured, or relational and data mining and machine
learning techniques

-Experience with applying data visualization techniques to tell the story of
the data, leveraging data to inform decision making, risk mining, and
structured and unstructured text mining methods and techniques

-Experience with developing and mentoring staff at all levels and building an
internal capacity to deliver high quality and highly innovative analytics
services

-Experience with developing and implementing successful market strategy and
business development and leading proposal, project, and intellectual capital
creation

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-BA or BS degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, or Operations
Research

Additional Qualifications:

-MA or MS degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, or Operations
Research preferred

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.



SIG2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Chief-Data-Scientist-01211460/J3H2T06W2MMR9NJDXQF/ Chief Data
Scientist - 01211460

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Washington, DC
  * Job Type: Science
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Scientist Jobs
  * Computer Scientist Jobs
  * Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  * Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  * Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  * Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
