Kingland Systems Careers

Data Research Analyst Intern

Internships Ames, Iowa

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply

Description

COMPANY SUMMARY


Kingland Systems is an innovative software company specializing in the
development and delivery of enterprise-class solutions and services to some of
the world’s largest industries.  We deliver software-based solutions for the
financial services industry including some of the largest insurance,
accounting, and financial services firms. As an industry leader, Kingland’s
foundation starts with employees who have the drive, innovation, and passion to
become the best. 

 

Our employees grow through unique opportunities and challenging experiences.
From problem solving to customer support and building technical skills,
Kingland Systems’ employees can feel confident that the work they’re doing is
making a difference.

  

POSITION SUMMARY


Whether you are looking for a job or an opportunity to jump start your career,
if becoming part of a team that values hard work and resourcefulness is
important, and you have a passion to learn – then this may be the opportunity!
There is room to grow in the position and also opportunities for advanced
internships and full time employment.

This position is a data entry position that requires analytical skills and
attention to detail.

 

The Data Research Analyst (DRA) intern will serve as a member of the Research
Organization working on a production team. DRA's are discovering connections
between companies through internet based research. Work completed by a DRA is
then accessed and leveraged by our clients to manage risk and maintain
regulatory compliance.

 

MAJOR RESPONSIBLITIES AND DUTIES


  • Conduct research and complete data entry on corporations and investment
    vehicles, using defined procedures to identify relationships and provide
    validated and credible data. 
  • Continue to enhance data quality over time on new and existing data through
    continual data clean-up efforts. 
  • Perform work according to the data quality and production standards as
    defined in policies and procedures. 
  • Participate in projects, as assigned, to assist the management team with
    improving automation, efficiency, effectiveness of solutions, and training.
     

 

POSITION REQUIREMENTS


  • Strong work ethic and a willingness to learn
  • Interest in learning about the financial industry 
  • Ability to work independently or collaborate with others
  • General knowledge of financial and accounting industries preferred
  • Must currently be enrolled in college level courses

Must be able to commit 18 hours a week to the internship

 

 

Apply Apply Later
← Back to Current Openings
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Powered by Jobvite

