This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > McLean, VA
  • > Strategy - Planning
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

University - Data Analyst/Scientist - 01223952
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

University - Data Analyst/Scientist

Business, government, and military leaders turn to Booz Allen Hamilton to solve
their most complex problems. Our dynamic team helps some of the most widely
recognized organizations in government and industry to succeed by enhancing the
security, health, economic Well-being, and safety of people in our nation and
around the world. Do you want to do work that matters? Then join our community
of change makers and problem solvers. 

A Day in the Life of a Data Analyst at Booz Allen:

-Leverage knowledge of Cloud computing technologies as part of the data science
team

-Work in conjunction with Industry-leading Cloud computing technologists and
develop machine learning, data mining, and statistical and graph-based
algorithms designed to analyze massive datasets

-Apply knowledge and experience with Cloud technologies, partner with Cloud
technologists, and ensure proper implementation and usage of the algorithms

Basic Qualifications:

-Experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, or graph algorithms
in an academic environment or internship

-Experience with using R, Perl, Python, SAS, or SPSS for analysis of data

-Knowledge of an Object-oriented language, including Java, C++, C#, or Python

-Knowledge of Hadoop, MapReduce, or HDFS

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-Scheduled to obtain a BS degree in Winter 2016 or Spring 2017 

Additional Qualifications:

-Pursuing a BS degree in CS, Computer Engineering, Systems Engineering, or a
related field preferred; Pursuing an MS degree in CS, Computer Engineering,
Systems Engineering, or a related field a plus 

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/University-Data-Analyst-Scientist-01223952/J3J5NZ5XW0SSFJMM5YT/ 
University - Data Analyst/Scientist - 01223952

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: McLean, VA
  • Job Type: Strategy - Planning
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia
  • Scientist Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

