This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > Springfield, VA
  • > Science
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Time Series Data Scientist, Senior - 01224875
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Time Series Data Scientist, Senior

Key Role:

Serve as an innovative, forward thinking mathematician and data scientist
specializing in time series analysis of large motion tracking data sets for
exciting and relevant work on the IFSP contract in a classified environment for
a national agency. Develop methods and models that should go beyond mere data
discovery to expose causal or hierarchical relationships among active entities
as revealed in the activities described in observations and reports, and
quantify the level of confidence in these relationships using statistically
valid measures. Develop models that should not only capture the temporal
dynamics of an entity's activities, but also provide sufficient understanding
to allow conclusions with partial data, the identification of hidden dependent
variables, and the creation of plausible and verifiable predictions of future
activity. Develop algorithms and deploy and test them against streaming data in
a Cloud

-based architecture.

Basic Qualifications:

-12+ years of experience in research, applied mathematics, algorithm
development, or geospatial science

-3+ years of experience with algorithm code development in Matlab, C++, python,
or other High-level language

-Knowledge of mathematics for time

-series analysis and spatio

-temporal modeling

-TS/SCI clearance

-MA or MS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with algorithm development and testing

-Experience with multi

-threading algorithms in a Cloud environment

-Experience with operating in Cloud architectures

-Experience with track data from FMV, GMTI, and other sources

-MA or MS degree in Mathematics, CS, Engineering, or a related field

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Time-Series-Data-Scientist-Senior-01224875/J3H84T71QJ8B0GH3KMZ/ 
Time Series Data Scientist, Senior - 01224875

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Springfield, VA
  • Job Type: Science
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  • Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
