This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > Boston, MA
  • > Engineering
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Biomedical Data Scientist - 01221638
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Biomedical Data Scientist

Key Role:

Work as a bioinformatics analyst for Booz Allen Hamilton focused on technical
services that support research and development using biomedical, including
clinical, survey, and genomics data. Leverage bioinformatics software and
platforms to solve problems and analyze data and apply expertise in advanced
analytics, working with industry leading computing technologists and data
scientists who solve large

-scale, complex, and challenging business problems across the public and
private sectors. Design and develop data architecture and schemas to address
research problems, perform analysis, explain the analysis to clients, and
provide solutions to the problem with Data-driven products. Develop machine
learning, data mining, and statistical and graph

-based algorithms designed to analyze massive data sets and ensure the proper
implementation and usage of algorithms. Serve as a client interface and
participate in requirements gathering and analysis, process and systems
definition, data analysis, presentation of analysis to the clients, and
development of algorithm driven products and solutions. Work independently and
in teams, develop and maintain accurate laboratory records, and author standard
operating procedures, whitepapers, and technical reviews. This position is
located in Boston, MA.

Basic Qualifications:

-2+ years of experience in bioinformatics, clinical data management, or similar

-Experience with R and designing and implementing machine learning, data
mining, statistics, and graph algorithms

-Experience with database design and management systems, data management, and
organizations schemas

-Experience with Linux systems and programming using languages, including
Python, Perl, and Java, C++, and C#

-Knowledge of SNP genotyping and NGS technologies

-Ability to explain and present complex scientific concepts orally and in
writing

-Ability to function independently with limited oversight

-Ability to work well within a team environment and be flexible to meet
evolving client needs

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-MS degree in Bioinformatics or Computational Biology

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with publishing articles in peer

-reviewed publications

-Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

-PhD degree in Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, or a related field
preferred

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Biomedical-Data-Scientist-01221638/J3F4866VZLQ5ZQL7MDW/ 
Biomedical Data Scientist - 01221638

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Boston, MA
  • Job Type: Engineering
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in Lexington, Massachusetts
  • Scientist Jobs in Lexington, Massachusetts

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
