[civisanaly]

New Graduate - Software Engineer

Chicago, IL
Tech
Full-time
Apply for this job

Software Engineers are responsible for building and maintaining the backbone of
Civis Analytics -- the processing, automation, tooling and front-end products
that create new opportunities for our clients and serve as a multiplier of the
work done by our teams. As a Software Engineer, you will join our Chicago-based
technology team, working collaboratively with other engineers, analysts, and
data scientists to serve internal and customer needs. Software Engineers have
near-endless opportunities to create new products and improve existing
processes, from backend data processing to visualization and analytics tools,
and we welcome your creativity. Whether you're a generalist or an expert in web
apps, big data, stats, or visualization, we want to talk to you.

We are looking for individuals from a wide range of backgrounds with
demonstrated quantitative and problem-solving skills. We value creativity, hard
work and on-the-job-excellence and offer competitive compensation and benefits
packages. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to
verify their identity and eligibility to work in the United States.

What's great about being an engineer at Civis Analytics?

Your code will make the world a better place. Our engineers don’t just
experience the thrill of solving interesting problems, they also have the
satisfaction of knowing that their work makes a difference in the world. We
don’t shy away from helping companies beef up their bottom line, but we also
devote significant resources to projects that do good.

You will learn. Our engineers, data scientists and analysts are not only the
best and brightest in their fields, but are also eager to teach and learn from
you. We send our engineers to conferences and workshops they're interested in.
Need software, a book, or AWS instance to help you with your work? Consider it
done.

Your work will be diverse. It is not like we have just one or two problems
we're trying to solve over here. Every day we're learning and working on new,
cutting edge problems at the intersection of technology, data science, and
practical application. Engineers at Civis have the opportunity to move around
from problem to problem.

We trust our engineers. One of the perks of working with the best and brightest
is that you're given the trust you deserve. Are you interested in pursuing a
new way of solving an old problem? Nice -- give it a shot. Yes, you will still
have a manager and deliverable, but we make a point of giving creativity the
room and respect it deserves.

Your voice can change the direction of a project. We strongly encourage our
engineers to participate in the brainstorming and prioritization process. We
don't want people that mindlessly program. We want your perspective and
experience. Challenge our assumptions, make us rethink our strategy, and help
us improve our solutions. Your expertise will be a critical part of our success
and you'll be recognized for your contributions.

We are smart, fun, and a little bit weird. Does this sound like you?

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

      □ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, a related subject, or
        commensurate work experience
      □ Working familiarity with SQL databases
      □ Experience with Ruby, Python and/or web frameworks such as Rails
      □ 1+ years experience as a software developer/engineer (or for recent
        graduates, a software development internship)
      □ Love of problem-solving
      □ An ability and eagerness to constantly learn and teach others


PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

      □ Experience with one or more of the following:
      □ Developing large web applications
      □ AngularJS (and HTML/CSS/Javascript/CoffeeScript)
      □ Query optimization, database administration, analytics databases, and/
        or NoSQL
      □ Building APIs
      □ Go (golang)
      □ Automated software testing and continuous integration
      □ Cloud application deployment and monitoring
      □ Using and administering Amazon Web Services (AWS) products
      □ Data visualization for the web (using D3 or similar)
      □ MapReduce (AWS EMR, Hive, Pig, and/or Streaming)
      □ Statistics and predictive modeling (using tools like pandas,
        scikit-learn, NumPy, SciPy, R, STATA)
      □ Political technology and data

Apply for this job

Civis Analytics Home Page

Jobs powered by [lever-logo]
