This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > Suffolk, VA
  • > Science
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist - R0000059
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 1/6/2017
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist

Key Role:

Analyze large data sets and develop automated analytics to assist decision
makers with making sense of data affecting DoD operations. Develop machine
learning, data mining, statistical, and graph-based algorithms to analyze
massive data sets. Implement analytical approaches that require knowledge of
statistical programming languages, including SAS and R, Java, and Python.
Develop scripts that extract information from a variety of data formats,
including SQL tables, structured metadata, and network logs. Employ process
improvements and reengineering methodologies to support the modernization of IT
systems. Produce data visualizations that provide insight into data set
structure and meaning. Develop and implement statistical, machine-learning, and
heuristic techniques to create descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive
analytics.


Basic Qualifications:

-1+ years of experience with data science and analytics

-1+ years of experience with analyzing large data sets or developing analytics

-1+ years of experience in programming with data analysis software, including
R, Python, SAS, or MATLAB

-Ability to analyze large data sets and develop automated analytics

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-BA or BS degree


Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with supervising algorithm implementation in Cloud computing
environments

-Experience with developing software to generate reports and visualizations
that summarize data sets and provide data driven insights

-Ability to develop statistical tests to make Data-driven recommendations and
decisions


Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.


Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-R0000059/J3L3HG6QM7MVFLMXHPQ/ Data Scientist -
R0000059

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Suffolk, VA
  • Job Type: Science
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 1/6/2017

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in Norfolk, Virginia
  • Scientist Jobs in Norfolk, Virginia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
