*
 

  • Explore
      □ Explore Jobs Overview
      □ See all job openings
      □ Events
  • Careers
      □ Careers Overview
      □ Engineering
      □ Software
      □ Information Technology
      □ Sales & Marketing
      □ Manufacturing
      □ Global Student Center
          ☆ Internships
          ☆ Accelerated Leadership Programs (ALP)
          ☆ Rotation Programs
          ☆ Venture Program
  • Life at Intel
      □ Life at Intel Overview
      □ Innovative Technology
      □ Diversity
      □ Education Visionaries
      □ Corporate Responsibilities
      □ Intel Around the World
  • Benefits
      □ Benefits Overview
  • Advice & Help
      □ Hiring Process & Tips
      □ Candidate Help Desk

Join the talent network

  • Home
  • › Data Scientist Student for Advanced Analytics Petach

Apply
Search all jobs
Apply Now    
Job ID: JR0759999
Job Category: Intern/Student
Primary Location: Petach-Tiqwa, IL
Other Locations:
Job Type: Intern

Data Scientist Student for Advanced Analytics

Job Description

Data Scientist student for Advanced Analytics team Machine LearningProducts A
cutting edge group who leads Intel's global machine learning solutions is
hiring talented students in the field of machine learning. As a part of our
diverse and dynamic group, you will be exposed to the cutting edge technology
of data mining and big data. A Data Scientist student employee will usually
work in a project team that aims at finding an appropriate algorithmic solution
to a given problem while using his or her machine learning knowledge and
experience. He or she will be part of the project’s team throughout the
project's life cycle - exploration, planning, analysis, design, development,
testing and implementation. #Big_Data#Machine_Learning#
Advanced_Degree_Positions


Qualifications

Relevant candidates must have: - First or second year student currently
pursuing M.Sc./Ph.D. in an academic field relevant to machine learning or top
notch second/third year student currently pursuing B.Sc in Computer science/
Information technology with relevant experience in data-science - Academic
experience in relevant courses with data mining/machine-learning algorithms and
techniques -Capacity to work 2.5 days a week in parallel to the studies
-Excellent analytical skills -Highly and self-motivated -Excellent
communication skills and strong team players -Proven experience in Matlab/R/
Python or other vector based language

Inside this Business Group

Intel's Information Technology Group (IT) designs, deploys and supports the
information technology architecture and hardware/software applications for
Intel. This includes the LAN, WAN, telephony, data centers, client PCs, backup
and restore, and enterprise applications. IT is also responsible for e-Commerce
development, data hosting and delivery of Web content and services.

Apply Now    
[T08HY]

What would you like to do now?

Connect with Us

Get Job Alerts

Get started
Student Center

Find out more about working at Intel

Learn more
Education

Jobs@Intel Blog

Learn more
×
×
[intel-logo]

Our application process will be temporarily impacted while we make some
upgrades to our application software. You will be unable to complete the
application process during this period. We expect full site functionality to
return on November 2nd. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for
your patience.

In the meantime, we encourage you to sign up for our talent network. As a
member, you will receive news and advice from our recruiters, as well as job
alerts tailored to your specific skillset. We will also alert you when this
maintenance is complete and the application process is back online.

Grow your network of opportunities

Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor Instagram Intel Student Spot
Intel

  • Company Information
  • Our Commitment
  • Investor Relations
  • Contact Us
  • Newsroom
  • Site Map
  • Jobs

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

  • © Intel Corporation
  • Terms of Use
  • *Trademarks
  • Privacy
  • Cookies
  • Supply Chain Transparency
  • Powered by SmashFly

Intel
