This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > Alexandria, VA
  • > Science
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Mathematics/Data Scientist, Senior - 01213799
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Mathematics/Data Scientist, Senior

Key Role:

Perform as a data scientist to conduct statistical analysis, modeling, and
simulation for various federal clients that lead to actionable decisions
affecting government operations. Use statistical methods on large data sets to
characterize uncertainty through statistical methods. Leverage knowledge of
large data analysis and perform research at the graduate

-level with mathematics to ensure study results are properly interpreted and
documented. Implement analytical approaches, leveraging knowledge of
statistical programming languages, including R, and programming languages, such
as Python or Java. Work closely with stakeholders and teammates from non

-mathematical disciplines to ensure that operational strategies are considered
in the context of applying statistical theory. Use statistical theory through
modeling, simulation, and large data analysis to deliver lasting measurable
improvements to organizations.

Basic Qualifications:

-7+ years of experience with advanced mathematics and statistics

-Experience with data gathering and analysis of large data sets

-Experience with programming languages, including Python or Java

-Ability to exhibit flexibility, initiative, and innovation in dealing with
ambiguous, Fast-paced situations

-TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph

-BA or BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with Big Data programming technologies, including Hadoop,
MapReduce, Accumulo, Cassandra, HBase, R, Mahout, Pig, and Hive

-BA

-Experience with GEOINT data, formats, structures, and standards

-Possession of excellent data gathering, analytical, and Problem-solving skills

-Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

-MS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, or CS preferred; PhD degree in
CS, Physics, Statistics, or Mathematics a plus

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance with polygraph is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Mathematics-Data-Scientist-Senior-01213799/J3F2XF6YMLPVCR3V2G2/ 
Mathematics/Data Scientist, Senior - 01213799

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Alexandria, VA
  • Job Type: Science
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  • Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
