LeanTaaS

Senior Data Scientist

  • Santa Clara, CA
  • Full-time

Company Description

LeanTaaS is a software company that uses lean principles and predictive
analytics to mathematically match the demand for expensive, constrained
healthcare resources – operating rooms, infusion chairs, etc. – with supply.
More than 40 providers across the nation – including Stanford, UCSF, UCHealth,
New York-Presbyterian and Wake Forest – rely on LeanTaaS’s iQueue cloud-based
platform to increase patient access, decrease wait times, and reduce healthcare
delivery costs. The HIPAA-compliant, non-invasive cloud-based SaaS platform
coexists with current EHR systems and integrates seamlessly with existing
scheduling and operational workflows.     

We’re a team of ex-Google/McKinsey veterans backed by industry leaders in the
healthcare space. We believe that predictive analytics is the answer to our
nation’s looming healthcare crisis.   

Job Description

LeanTaaS is looking for extraordinary data scientists to synthesize and
leverage massive data sets to help radically transform data into products.. The
Data Scientist role involves working on all stages of the data science
pipeline, from acquiring and munging data, selecting appropriate models and
algorithms and/or deriving custom algorithms, testing and evaluating these
algorithms and models, and incorporating them into a commercial product. She/He
will work with a team of Data Scientists to create bleeding edge analytic
technology.  

This is a chance to get in early with a rapidly growing Silicon Valley company,
and to participate in developing the next generation of truly game changing,
healthcare-related products. This is a mid/senior level position of 1-3+ years
of prior experience.

Key Responsibilities

  • Analyze various data sets and build sophisticated mathematical/statistical
    models 
  • Design and optimize algorithms to achieve the best solutions 
  • Work with data analysts, software engineers, and product managers to
    contribute on building and implementing models. 


Qualifications

Qualifications & Experience

  • Strong quantitative and analytical skills with an advanced degree in a STEM
    discipline (PhD preferred) 
  • Experience using Python, R and SQL; C/C++ experience is a plus
  • Strong problem-solving skills from data exploration > hypothesis
    development > hypothesis testing > production-ready models 
  • Experience analyzing data sets, building mathematical/statistical models
    and/or optimization algorithms 
  • Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise,
    and actionable manner 
  • Ability to work collaboratively and independently

Personal Characteristics

  • A passion for data science and problem solving in general
  • Self driven individual who can take a high level idea and see it through to
    completion with minimal supervision 
  • The desire and ability to work in a fast paced, start-up atmosphere
  • Takes a pragmatic approach to problem-solving, combined with the ability to
    thrive under the pressure of constant change and moving objectives 
  • Ability to work under tight deadlines and display grace under pressure
  • Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills (both
    written and verbal)


Additional Information

At LeanTaaS, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job
applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender,
sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Videos To Watch

  •  
  •  

I'm interested
I'm interestedRefer a friend

share this job

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

Powered by 

[105192211]
