?Sluiten Wij ? en onze partners ? gebruiken cookies om je onze diensten te
leveren en je advertenties te tonen die zijn gebaseerd op je interesses. Door
onze website te gebruiken, ga je akkoord met het gebruik van cookies zoals
beschreven in onze Cookie Policy.
Toggle navigation  
Spotify

  * Explore
  * Premium
  * Help
  * Downloaden
  * 
  * Aanmelden
  * Inloggen

 1. Careers at Spotify
 2. Career Opportunities
 3. Senior Data Scientist- Legal

Apply now

Senior Data Scientist- Legal

  * Product
  * Analytics
  * New York, NY, United States

Senior Data Scientist - Legal

We seek an outstanding Senior Data Scientist ? Legal to join our New York
office.  This individual will lead data-related work for the company?s
international Legal team. Working within the company?s Finance Analytics team,
you will work closely with our central Data team, embedded functional data
scientists, and data engineers throughout the company.

Your work will inform the Legal team?s strategy across cutting-edge digital
legal issues, including copyright and privacy. Because of the breadth of issues
handled by our Legal team, you will have the rare opportunity to dive deeply
into data around all corners of the company. Above all, you will be at the
nexus of data science and cutting edge data issues at one of the most
innovative companies in the world.

In addition to possessing strong technical background of his/her own, the ideal
candidate will be a natural communicator who is able to explain complex
statistical and analytical frameworks to business and engineering teams in both
New York and Stockholm. Accompanying this broad set of responsibilities is
exposure to many functional areas, as well as senior management, across
Spotify.

There will be heavy emphasis on gathering stakeholder requirements (including
translating the underlying legal issues into data-driven tasks), and
calibrating the appropriate level of rigor for each task. Accompanying this
broad set of responsibilities is exposure to all functional areas, as well as
senior management, across Spotify.

What you'll do:

  * Take ownership of all of Spotify?s Legal team?s data and analytics needs.
  * Work on task-driven analyses (both short-term/one-off and long-term/
    deep-dive) with data engineers and data scientists throughout the company.
    Identify relevant data sets, learn their complexities, and deliver results.
  * Create models to support decision-making, including litigation risk/
    exposure, effects of potential product features on Legal resource needs,
    etc.
  * Identify areas for improved efficiency for the Legal team?s data needs and
    work with relevant counterparts throughout the company to propose and
    implement dashboards and other tools.
  * Be a thought leader within the Legal team as the team implements policies
    and processes governing the company?s compliance with data/privacy
    regulations.


Who you are:

  * B.A. / B.S. in Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, or another
    quantitative field.
  * Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience. Background in legal matters is a
    plus, but not required. Willingness to learn relevant legal concepts as
    underpinnings of analysis a must.
  * Precision in analysis, including ability to document assumptions in, and
    weaknesses of, a model.
  * Extensive experience manipulating and analyzing complex data with SQL and
    other tools, such as Python. Familiarity with Google BigQuery is a plus.
  * Comfort operating independently in a fast-paced work environment.
  * Experience in interfacing with senior business leaders across multiple time
    zones.
  * Strong communication skills, including ability to speak tech to a non-tech
    audience and to translate complex business/legal needs into
    specifically-defined deliverables.



We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly
believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to
a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and
our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to
come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.
Apply now
View all available positions

Related Jobs

  * Apps & Visualization Designer New York, NY, United States
  * Data Engineering Manager- Analytics New York, NY, United States
  * Data Science Manager - Advertising Product and Platforms New York, NY,
    United States
  * Data Scientist - Advertising Product and Platforms New York, NY, United
    States
  * Data Scientist (Product) New York, NY, United States
  * Research Lead / Data Scientist New York, NY, United States

@SpotifyJobs

Internal Controls Manager #jointheband https://t.co/InPSJQ8ibf #job

RT @eldsjal: Hey @BarackObama, I heard you were interested in a role at
Spotify. Have you seen this one? https://t.co/iragpCowpO

Design Director #jointheband https://t.co/xNqjl9nnCp #job

Spotify

Bedrijf

  * Info
  * Vacatures
  * Pers
  * Nieuws

Community's

  * Artiestenservices
  * Ontwikkelaars
  * Merken

Handige links

  * Help
  * Cadeaus
  * Web Player

  * Instagram
  * Twitter
  * Facebook

  * Juridisch
  * Privacy
  * Cookies
  * Over advertenties

 
Nederland
? 2017 Spotify AB
