My Account
Openings >> Quantitative Analyst 2017
Quantitative Analyst 2017
Summary

  Title:    Quantitative Analyst 2017
    ID:     2059
Department: Trading
 Location:  Austin
 Summary:   US Equities

Description
Kershner Trading Group, LLC, is a leading proprietary trading and technology
firm with offices in Austin, Chicago and New York.  Cloudquant (https://
cloudquant.com), KTG’s quantitative strategies group, is seeking Quantitative
Analysts for its U.S. equity market team.  Ideal candidates will have a BS, MS
or PhD in an Engineering or Science discipline from a top school with academic
coursework in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing,
Digital Signal Processing, Applied Math, Portfolio Optimization, Linear
Programming, Time Series Prediction, Factor Analysis, Fundamental Equity
Valuation, Data Analytics and/or Genetic Algorithms.  Candidate should also
have a proficiency in one of the following programming languages: Python
(preferred) and/or C++, C#, Java or R.  In addition to contributing to his/her
trading team, candidates will participate in Cloudquant’s Quantitative Analyst
Training Program in which he/she will receive hands-on training in our
Cloudquant quantitative trading ecosystem.  During the training program he/she
will learn our proprietary process-driven research approach from experienced
Quantitative Strategists and Portfolio Managers and will be given the
opportunity to create his/her own quantitative strategy within the Cloudquant
high-performance computing ecosystem, which utilizes Python for alpha
prediction and trading strategy implementation.
 
KTG is an open and collaborative research environment and is seeking
individuals with a strong entrepreneurial spirit, exceptional work ethic, and
strong analytical skills. KTG provides a work hard/play hard environment with
access to high performance elastic research infrastructure ideal for machine/
deep learning and other sophisticated modeling methodologies as well as
state-of-the-art execution tools through its proprietary co-located trading
engines and trading technology stack. 
 
Kershner Trading Group, LLC, provides unique opportunities to talented,
energetic people, rooted in the philosophy that with the right knowledge and
tools, everyone can do more than they realize, if they try.  KTG empowers
independent thinkers who have the discipline to set long-term goals, the
adaptability to “shift gears” but still stay on course, and who are open to
being both a student and teacher in a learning organization.
 
Opportunities are available in the Austin, Chicago and New York offices with
some options available for remote teams and team members.  For more information
on Kershner Trading Group visit us at kershnertrading.com

At Kershner Trading Group we are democratizing the science of quantitative
trading.  Please check out our cloud-based research platform at cloudquant.com.
 Cloudquant is a free trading and research tool for ordinary people with
extraordinary ideas.  You create it, we fund it, we profit together!  There is
no need to wait, take cloudquant.com for a test drive now while we review your
application. 
 
 
 
  Apply Now  
Powered by ApplicantStack
