Skip Navigation
TARGET Target careers home page

search jobs

Explore current openings to see how your skills and interests align with Target
careers.

Search Jobs

keyword [                    ]

location [                    ]

radius [radius  ]

Search Jobs

Lead Data Scientist - Pittsburgh

apply now Job ID BUS00014A Date posted 05/05/2016 Location Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania – United States
Description:
The Target Pittsburgh Strategy and Innovation office is expanding our team of
hard-working and talented Data Scientists and Engineers. With billions of store
and online guests daily, Target is now leading the effort in tearing down the
walls between the traditional brick-and-mortar and Web retail business. Just as
established e-commerce giants are beginning to ramp up their physical store
presence, Target is already leveraging its massive supply chain of over 1,800
stores 38 distribution centers worldwide to deliver the best experience to its
guests.
But with huge amounts of both foot and web traffic comes a host of challenging
problems: How do you link Web and store behavior to create a cohesive view of a
guest?  How do you translate this heterogeneous data into actionable decisions
in real-time? How can in-store experience be enhanced by mobile and vice versa?
As a data scientist in the Pittsburgh Strategy and Innovation Office,  you will
work as part of a small team to answer these types of questions and more, all
with the potential to have a very broad impact at Target. Our office combines
the freedom and agility of a startup with the security and vast resources of a
large established company.
Requirements:

  • BS degree; engineering/quantitative field.
  • 2+ year’s academic or professional experience in building ML models.
  • Expert level in at least one ML framework (e.g., MATLAB/R/scikit-learn/
    MLLib).
  • Experience with ML on map/reduce big data systems (e.g., Hadoop/Spark).
  • Version control, particularly Git.
  • Experience with SQL languages.
  • Broad understanding of object-oriented and functional programming
    paradigms.
  • Comfortable with at least one scripting language (e.g., bash/python).
  • Comfortable in *nix environment (e.g., ssh and standard commands).
  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Preferred:

  • Depth in at least one theoretical area of ML (DNNs, spectral learning,
    etc.)
  • Depth in one application of ML (NLP, QA, CV, etc.)
  • Experience with Scala and/or Spark.
  • Advanced in at least one functional programming language.
  • Experience in a JVM language.
  • Experience with NoSQL data stores.
  • Contributions to large open-source projects.
  • Master's in data science or related field.
  • PhD in any quantitative field.

apply now

get email updates

Get the latest job openings right in your inbox. View privacy statement.

email[                    ]

area of interestChoose at least one category and/or location from the auto
suggestions and click "Add".

career area[career area                                         ]

location[                    ]

add

  • remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[sign up]

learn more about Target

  • Purpose & Beliefs
  • Company History
  • Corporate Responsibility
  • Diversity & Inclusion
  • Stock Information

connect with Target careers

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • Pinterest
  • Instagram
  • Target Careers Blog

TARGET

  • company
      □ about Target
      □ investors
      □ press

  • careers
  • corporate responsibility
  • news & features

  • Target.com
  • find a store
  • contact us
  • site map

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • Pinterest
  • YouTube
  • Instagram
  • RSS
  • Vine

  • privacy policy
  • Interest Based Ads
  • terms & conditions
  • CA privacy
  • team member services

    ©2016 Target Brands, Inc. Target, the Bullseye Design and Bullseye Dog are
    trademarks of Target Brands, Inc.

