Skip Navigation
Santander Holdings USA Inc

Please select a state

  • Connecticut Jobs
  • Delaware Jobs
  • Maryland Jobs
  • Massachusetts Jobs
  • New Hampshire Jobs
  • New Jersey Jobs
  • New York Jobs
  • Pennsylvania Jobs
  • Rhode Island Jobs
  • Texas Jobs

  • ATM/Branch Locator

  • About Us
  • Benefits
  • Community

Where you're headed, we are

Search Jobs

Keyword Search [                    ]

City, State, or ZIP [                    ]

Search radius [Radius  ]

Search

Job Opportunity

CCAR Quantitative Analyst II

Apply
CCAR Quantitative Analyst II-1700070

Description

[POSITION SUMMARY] No position summary available. [POSITION DUTIES] Execute the
stress test on a semi-annual basis, or more frequently if needed, coordinating
with Treasury, CRMIS, and other areas as needed to bring together the required
inputs,Implement the models into a framework that integrates inputs from
various areas to allow a combined, cohesive view of portfolio performance
through the stress test horizon,In coordination with Methodology and external
third parties, participate in the design and evolution of the Banks existing
suite of stress test forecasting models,Lead the Banks efforts related to
modeling the impact of idiosyncratic stress tests. Document, explain, and
incorporate the analysis into the Banks capital plan and/or other areas as
required by CCAR/DFAST,Analyze and document the results for a wide range of
internal and external audiences including senior management and bank
regulators.,Build other models and complete special projects as
directed.,Report on the results consistent with regulatory expectations (Y-14A,
etc.)

Qualifications

[QUALIFICATION] Bachelors degree required in one of the following areas
(Finance, MIS, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Sciences, Economics or other
quantitative discipline). Masters degree preferred [EXPERIENCE] Between 2 - 4
years [SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE] Ability to manage larger, long term projects
efficiently and independently. Also needs the ability to work carefully and
without error in a deadline oriented environment,Familiarity with all types of
credit products, their structure and behavior in various economic environments.
Well versed in economic fundamentals and how to apply those within the
construct of the job,Judgment & Decision Making,Knowledge of advanced credit
risk concepts important, including probability of default (PD), loss given
default (LGD), exposure at default (EAD), vintage and lifecycle effects,
segmentation strategies, etc.,Previous experience building models within Excel.
Experience building credit risk forecasting models such as roll rate, vintage,
and probabilistic models highly desirable,Qualitative & Analytical,Regulatory
Knowledge & Application,Risk Management & Control,Solid understanding of
statistics. Familiarity with statistical software packages such as SAS, Stata,
R, SPSS, or Minitab would be a plus,Strong analytical and math skills a must.
Someone who is enthusiastic about solving large, complicated problems and
challenges would be well positioned for success within the groupStrong
knowledge of Microsoft Access, Excel, and Powerpoint, particularly knowledge of
Visual Basic and usage of macros within Excel. Prior experience building
financial models within Excel very important,Working knowledge of data querying
languages and software, such SQL, ODBC, OLEDB desired

Job

:Risk Management Strategy

Primary Location

:Massachusetts-Boston

Schedule

:Full-time

Job Posting

:Jan 5, 2017, 10:07:27 AM

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER M/F/Vet/Disabled/SO

Apply

Share

  • Email
  • LinkedIn
  • Twitter
  • Facebook
  • More
      □ Google+
      □ Tumblr

Join Our Talent Community

Email Address[                    ]

Select Your InterestsChoose a category and/or location from the
auto-suggestions and click "Add".

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  • Strategy & Development, Boston, Massachusetts, United StatesRemove
  • Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Subscribe]

Featured Jobs

  • Fraud Prevention Specialist Framingham, Massachusetts
  • Mortgage Loan Officer - Sandwich, MA Sandwich, Massachusetts
  • Business Banking Relationship Manager Melville, New York

Job Matching

Find jobs that match your LinkedIn profile.

Related Content

  • no image

    Santander's Charitable Contributions

    Our communities are stronger when we all support each other. That's why
    we're committed...

    More >
  • no image

    About Santander Universities

    Santander Universitites' international presence is reflected in the
    numerous projects it supports worldwide.

    More >
  • Santander Bank's consumer technologies were recognized by Innovation
    Enterprise.

    Santander At-A-Glance

    Here’s a quick introduction to Santander Bank and its operations within the
    United States.

    More >
  • Discover internship opportunities that Santander has for bright, ambitious
    students like you.

    Internship Jobs

    Discover internship opportunities that Santander has for bright, ambitious
    students like you.

    More >

  • Twitter
  • Google+
  • Facebook
  • YouTube

  • Get Started
  • Santander Universities
  • About Us
  • Media Center
  • Shareholder Relations
  • Community

  • Customer Service
  • FAQs
  • Site Map
  • Accessibility
  • Santander Switch Services
  • Help For Homeowners Having Difficulty Paying Their Mortgage

© 2015 Santander Bank, N. A.

Equal Housing Lender - Member FDIC

