Skip Navigation

  • Citigroup.com
  • Alumni
  • Language
      □ English
      □ 简体中文
      □ 繁體中文
      □ Español
      □ Francais du Canada
      □ 日本語
      □ Magyar
      □ Polski
      □ Português
      □ Русский

citi text logo with arcing red top
open main navigation menu

  • Search & Apply
  • Working Here
  • University Programs
  • Resources

abstract light pattern

YOUR JOURNEY WITH CITI BEGINS HERE

Advanced Search

Search Jobs

[                    ]

Category 
[Select                                                                        ]

World Region [Select                         ]

Country [Select                  ]

State/Province [Select                       ]

City [Select                              ]

Search Jobs

Match Your Skills

Let us search jobs for you based on the skills and experience listed in your
LinkedIn™ Profile.

Start Matching

Career Opportunity

Apply Now

Quantitative Analyst, Asset Allocation

  • Primary Location: United States,New York,New York
  • Education: Master's Degree
  • Job Function: Product Management
  • Schedule: Full-time
  • Shift: Day Job
  • Employee Status: Regular
  • Travel Time: No
  • Job ID: 16055972


Description


About Citi

Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts
and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides
consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of
financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit,
corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services,
and wealth management. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending
money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our
clients.

Citi’s Mission and Value Proposition  explains what we do and Citi Leadership
Standards explain how we do it. Our mission is to serve as a trusted partner to
our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and
economic progress. We strive to earn and maintain our clients’ and the public’s
trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards and making a
positive impact on the communities we serve. Our Leadership Standards is a
common set of skills and expected behaviors that illustrate how our employees
should work every day to be successful and strengthens our ability to execute
against our strategic priorities.

Diversity is a key business imperative and a source of strength at Citi. We
serve clients from every walk of life, every background and every origin. Our
goal is to have our workforce reflect this same diversity at all levels. Citi
has made it a priority to foster a culture where the best people want to work,
where individuals are promoted based on merit, where we value and demand
respect for others and where opportunities to develop are widely available to
all.

Citi Private Bank (CPB), within Citibank, provides personalized wealth
management services for ultra-high-net-worth clients. Citi Investment
Management (CIM) is CPB's discretionary global asset manager, focusing on
personalized portfolio construction based on the specific investment needs of
each investor.  CIM portfolios invest in traditional asset classes and provide
diversification through the inclusion of alternative investments.  CIM offers
individually managed investment portfolios across a broad range of asset
classes that can be tailored to client requirements. Portfolios can be invested
in individual securities and/or strategies managed by third parties.  CIM is
part of the Global Managed Investments group within CPB.

Description Summary:

The Quantitative Analyst will join the Global Asset Allocation team within CIM.
The Global Asset Allocation team is responsible for developing, testing and
maintaining CPB’s strategic asset allocations (SAA) and associated capital
market assumptions as well as producing thought leadership material on
strategic asset allocation. The team also supports CPB’s Global Investment
Committee (GIC) and the CPB Global Strategy team with maintaining and tracking
performance of GIC’s tactical asset allocations.

Responsibilities:

  • Refine and maintain the SAA infrastructure (code and database).
  • Maintain documentation of the SAA model and manage the model validation
    process.
  • Create tactical asset allocations based on guidance from the GIC and upload
    into CPB systems.
  • Produce monthly performance attribution of GIC’s tactical asset
    allocations.
  • Provide updates to CIM Risk Management on tactical and strategic
    allocations changes and performance.
  • Assist in Global Strategy team in production of monthly strategy piece.
  • Answer questions from internal partners regarding asset allocation.


Qualifications


  • Master's degree in Quant Finance/ Applied Mathematics / Statistics /
    Computer Science/ Physics / Engineering or related field.
  • Three to seven years of risk/quant experience in the investment management
    business.
  • Strong database and programming skills. Preference for SQL, R, Python,
    MATLAB, Excel-VBA.
  • Previous experience in global asset allocation and performance attribution.
  • Strong communication skills.
  • Ability to work well in teams and lead and manage projects in partnership
    with internal technology teams from development through delivery.


Apply Now

Connect with us

  • Connect with us on Facebook
  • Connect with us on Twitter
  • Connect with us on YouTube
  • Connect with us on LinkedIn
  • Connect with us on Glassdoor

  • Terms of use
  • Careers at Citi Privacy Policy
  • Additional Terms
  • ACCESSIBILITY
  • Sitemap

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender
Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invites all qualified interested
applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a
disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or
apply for a career opportunity, please contact us.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster, click here. To view the EEO is the Law
Supplement, click here.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting, click here.

Follow us:

  • Follow us on RSS
  • Follow us on Facebook
  • Follow us on Twitter
  • Follow us on YouTube
  • Follow us on LinkedIn
  • Follow us on Google+
  • Follow us on Instagram

© 2017 Citigroup Inc.

Quantcast
