  * Home
  * Meet Intuit
      + Introducing Intuit
      + Bold Environment. Innovative Technology.
      + Inspired Challenges. Meaningful Careers.
      + Awesome People. Powerful Teams.
  * Jobs
      + Search Jobs
      + Design & User Experience
      + Product Management
      + Software Engineering
      + Software Quality Engineering
      + Administration
      + Corporate Strategy & Development
      + Customer Service & Support
      + Data
      + Executive
      + Finance & Operations
      + Human Resources
      + Interns & Early Career
      + Information Technology
      + Legal
      + Marketing
      + Mobile
      + Process Excellence
      + Project & Program Management
      + Real Estate & Workplace Services
      + Sales
      + Tax Support
  * Locations
      + USA
      + Australia
      + Brazil
      + Canada
      + DC Remote
      + France
      + Germany
      + India
      + Israel
      + Singapore
      + United Kingdom
  * 
      + Design & User Experience
      + Product Management
      + Software Engineering
      + Software Quality Engineering
      + Administration
      + Corporate Strategy & Development
      + Customer Service & Support
      + Data
      + Executive
      + Finance & Operations
      + Human Resources
      + Interns & Early Career
      + Information Technology
      + Legal
      + Marketing
      + Mobile
      + Process Excellence
      + Project & Program Management
      + Real Estate & Workplace Services
      + Sales
      + Tax Support
  * Log in to your profile

Intuit Careers

  * TurboTax
  * QuickBooks
  * ProConnect
  * Mint

Log in to your profile

  * Recommended For You

  *  

  * 
  * Menu

  * Meet Intuit
      + Introducing Intuit.
      + Bold environment. Innovative Technology.
      + Inspired challenges. Meaningful careers.
      + Awesome people. Powerful teams.

  * Jobs
          o Search Jobs
          o Design & User Experience
          o Product Management
          o Software Engineering
          o Software Quality Engineering
          o Administration
          o Corporate Strategy & Development
          o Customer Service & Support
          o Data
          o Executive
          o Finance & Operations
          o Human Resources
          o Interns & Early Career
          o Information Technology
          o Legal
          o Marketing
          o Mobile
          o Process Excellence
          o Project & Program Management
          o Real Estate & Workplace Services
          o Sales
          o Tax Support

  * Locations
      + USA
      + Australia
      + Brazil
      + Canada
      + DC Remote
      + France
      + Germany
      + India
      + Israel
      + Singapore
      + United Kingdom

  * Recommended for you

Apply now Email job
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
? Go Back

Data Scientist

00125343

Locations:

Mountain View, California

Description

 

Come join the Intuit Central Technology Office (CTO) Image Data Extraction team
as a Data Scientist.

 

We are a small team with the vision to change the way our customers interact
with our products to import their financial data. With millions of Intuit
customers using our software, you will be part of a cutting edge team that is
responsible for building highly-scalable and distributed image capture and
document extraction systems to enable financial data import. You will be
working with a strong, motivated team of Software Engineers, Data Scientists
and Architects to push the state of the art in this exciting space.

 

Responsibilities:

  * As a member of a central organization, help shape and drive the strategy
    for data capture and import that supports Intuit&apos;s rich and diverse
    portfolio of businesses and enables us to continue to accelerate revenue
    growth over the next several years.
  * Collaborate closely with engineering, product design, and customer support
    to understand their key challenges and drive improvements into their
    respective functions.
  * Apply world-class applied machine learning techniques to build models to
    enable scalable, high-performance distributed document capture and
    extraction services using computer vision and supplemental data enrichment.
  * Act as an industry thought leader to continue to build up awareness of
    Intuit as an innovative analytics practitioner in the broader technology
    community. This will involve speaking at industry events, sharing
    best-practices with other companies, building working relationships with
    key analytic experts, firms, and consultants, and more.
  * Act as a core member of the team and help drive and resolve broader team
    and business issues around our general state of analytics excellence. 

 

Qualifications

 

  * Outstanding demonstrated business acumen - The candidate must be able to
    function and lead effectively in multi-disciplinary teams that include
    business and technical contributors. In particular, the candidate must be
    comfortable with ambiguity and yet able to steer analytics projects toward
    clear business goals, testable hypotheses and action-oriented outcomes.
  * Deep mastery of machine learning - Candidate must have a deep mastery of a
    wide range of ML techniques, tools, and methodologies with a demonstrated
    capability to apply them to a broad range of business problems and data
    sources. Machine learning techniques include: clustering, classification,
    regression, decision trees, neural nets, support vector machines, genetic
    algorithms, anomaly detection, association rules, sequential pattern
    discovery, and text mining. This individual will need to demonstrate the
    highest level of analytic capability, and must have a proven track record
    in making analysis actionable to improve business outcomes in a product
    development context.
  * Data proficiency - The candidate must be comfortable working with large
    data, and be proficient in extracting relevant feature data from relational
    and non-relational databases. The candidate must also be comfortable with
    computer vision techniques for feature extraction, classification, etc.
  * Strong algorithmic and programming skills-The candidate must have the
    skills to design and program new machine learning algorithms as necessary,
    including, in some cases, large scale implementations on distributed
    systems.
  * Good working knowledge on Computer Vision and image classification.
  * M.S. degree in an appropriate technology field (computer science,
    statistics, econometrics, operations research). Ph.D. degree in a
    quantitative field is a plus.  
  * A reputation for unquestioned integrity and a highly developed sense of
    ethics.
  * Adaptable, versatile and adventurous. Someone who seeks out new challenges
    and problems to solve.
  * A focus on delivering business results including improved end-to-end
    customer experience and financial metrics like revenue and profit.
  * High energy, confidence, and ambition--someone who can consistently perform
    at the highest level in an extremely fast paced, dynamic and high growth
    environment.
  * Team player?great at collaborating with inter-disciplinary technology team,
    marketing, product design, customer support, and business executives.
  * A crisp and passionate communicator who is able to communicate complex
    analytical insights and recommendations to business audiences and senior
    executives.
  * Highly developed interpersonal skills?someone who can be as effective
    through influence as through direct control.
  * Candid, direct, and apolitical.
  * A passion for technology.

 

 

Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation.
Year-over-year, Intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is
consistently ranked on Fortune's "100 Best Companies To Work For" and Fortune
World's "Most Admired Software Companies" lists. Immerse yourself in our award
winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives
of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide.

Intuit is expanding its social, mobile, and global footprint with a full suite
of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry. Utilizing
design for delight and lean startup methodologies, our entrepreneurial
employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market ? from QuickBooks?
and TurboTax?, to GoPayment, Mint.com, big data, cloud (SaaS, PaaS) and mobile
apps. The breadth and depth of these customer-driven innovations mean limitless
opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at Intuit.

Discover what it's like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and
trying new things. It's time to love what you do! Check out all of our career
opportunities at: careers.intuit.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability

Not for you? Check out these other opportunities:

Staff Offering Analyst Globalization & Content ? Senior Technical Data Analyst
? Senior Business Data Analyst, Mint ? Data Scientist ? Staff Business Data
Analyst ? SEO Analytics ? See More?

Apply now Apply now Email job
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You Can Also

  * Keep up to date with Intuit
  * Share this job
  * See LinkedIn Connections

Related Careers

  * Finance & Operations
  * Information Technology

*

Meet Intuit

  * Introducing Intuit.
  * Bold Environment. Innovative Technology.
  * Inspired challenges. Meaningful careers.
  * Awesome people. Powerful teams.

Jobs

  * Design & User Experience
  * Product Management
  * Software Engineering
  * Software Quality Engineering
  * Administration
  * Corporate Strategy & Development
  * Customer Service & Support
  * Data
  * Executive
  * Finance & Operations

  * Human Resources
  * Interns & Early Career
  * Information Technology
  * Legal
  * Marketing
  * Mobile
  * Process Excellence
  * Project & Program Management
  * Real Estate & Workplace Services
  * Sales
  * Tax Support

Intuit
    

? 2017 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit is an equal opportunity and
affirmative action employer. We make employment decisions without regards to
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status,
pregnancy, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. If
you?d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, please click
here.

Intuit is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support
candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with
any part of the application or interview process or have questions about
workplace accessibility, please talk with your recruiter.

Legal ? Privacy ? Security

See who you already know at Intuit.

?
?
?
?
[sort by                         ]
?

?
