David Weekley Homes
DavidWeekleyHomes.com FAQs Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn 
YouTube Houzz RSS
Work For Weekley

  • Search Jobs
  • Explore Opportunities
  • Locations
  • Benefits & Perks
  • About Us


Work For Weekley
MENU MENU

  • 
  • Search Jobs
  • Explore Opportunities
  • Locations
  • Benefits & Perks
  • About Us

  • Explore Opportunities
  • Marketing
  • Houston, TX
  • Data Scientist

Houston, TX
Data Scientist
Apply Now

Apply Now

Job Description

David Weekley Homes is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Digital Media team
at our home office in Houston.  The Digital Data Scientist will use advanced
analytics and predictive models to build the organization’s understanding of
consumer behavior.  The person in this role will leverage a variety of first
party and third party data sources to inform actionable business insights. 

The right candidate will have an understanding of direct marketing principles,
and will have a demonstrated interest in and facility with “test and learn”
strategies and data analysis; further, they will demonstrate “analytic
curiosity,” wanting to understand the why behind the what.   

Key Responsibilities:

  • Draw on experience to work with a variety of tools to access, analyze and
    visualize data
  • Utilize superior communication skills to make advanced analytics concepts
    accessible to non-technical business partners
  • Collaborate cross-functionally and with executive leadership to define and
    execute strategies
  • Demonstrate analytic curiosity and “test and learn” strategies and analysis
  • Develop the organization’s understanding of consumer behavior through
    analytics and models and leverage data to create actionable business
    insights
  • Work directly with internal and external teams and account leadership to
    track and report on the digital marketing programs’ performance  
  • Understanding information needs and extracting data from a variety of
    sources in order to create analytics deliverables that meet those needs
  • Interact regularly with internal and external clients to provide data
    retrieval, integration, reporting, and analysis support for digital media
    initiatives 
  • Mentor other members of the department with the developing of more advanced
    data science skills such as forecasting, and statistical test design

The Ideal Candidate Will Have:

  • Extensive knowledge of SQL queries and demonstrated experience with
    modeling software; familiarity with big data a plus
  • Advanced Excel skills with a focus on formula development and creating
    macros. 3+ years using Excel for business analysis
  • Deep experience and advanced capabilities with a variety of tools to
    access, analyze, and visualize data
  • Experience with machine learning techniques and advanced analytics (e.g.
    regression, classification, clustering, time series)
  • Knowledge of customer segmentation techniques and lifecycle management
  • Proven experience manipulating data sets and combining multiple data
    sources to produce valuable business insights
  • Deep understanding of digital data sources and tags, with hands on
    experience in web analytics/testing tools
  • Ability to effectively communicate technical work to non-technical
    audiences is imperative
  • Familiarity working with business intelligence platforms.
  • Digital marketing experience is preferred. 3-5 years’ experience in
    marketing, with a focus on direct/database marketing.
  • Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics,
    Management Science, Finance or other relevant area is preferred.

Additional Qualifications:

  • Strong ability to collaborate and partner with cross-functional business
    partners and vendors to execute strategy.
  • Ability to multi-task and communicate effectively across teams in a
    deadline-driven atmosphere.
  • Deadline management skills with solid oral & written communication and a
    rigorous quality assurance ethic. 
  • Must have the ability to handle a multitude of diverse responsibilities and
    work independently to achieve desired results; have sound judgment and
    business acumen.

About Us:

David Weekley Homes is the largest private home builder in the US, operating
since 1976- now in 22 cities in 12 states. We offer a unique working Culture,
which earns us accolades like making FORTUNE’s "100 Best Companies to Work For"
list 10 times. We offer a work environment that encourages our team to serve
our customers, both internal & external.

We’re committed to hard work & fostering personal, as well as professional
growth. You’ll enjoy a fun, professional atmosphere with high standards, have
an opportunity to enhance your skills and learn new skills, plus receive
continual coaching, feedback and recognition for a job well done.  We offer an
excellent benefits package which includes:

  • Health Insurance - Medical, Dental and Vision
  • 401k and discretionary 8% match
  • Profit Sharing
  • Vacation, Holidays & PTO
  • New Home Discount for Team Member & Family
  • Team Member Product Discount
  • Community Outreach
  • Sabbaticals
  • And More!

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply Now

{{jobPostingsHeader}}

© 2016 David Weekley Homes. All Rights Reserved. [footer-ico]
DavidWeekleyHomes.com FAQs Privacy Policy Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest 
LinkedIn YouTube Houzz RSS
Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube Houzz RSS
© 2016 David Weekley Homes. All Rights Reserved. [footer-ico]
