This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > McLean, VA
  • > Science
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist - EG_01213394
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist

Description

So you want to be a Data Scientist?

-Are you innately curious, a natural born problem solver, a contrarian or a
risk taker?

-Do you want to solve complex, challenging problems?

-Do you want to have fun while doing so?

-Do you want to work alongside others who are passionate about using data
science to change the world? Did you know? Booz Allen Hamilton is no longer
just a consulting firm. We offer an environment in which you can create and
deploy Data-driven tools while serving as a trusted advisor to your clients. We
solve Cutting-edge commercial and government problems through research,
development and collaboration among teams working with leading edge technology.
Our Strategic Innovation Group offers the best of both worlds: a Start-up
environment with the backing of an established consulting firm. You will be met
with a 100-year history of success and a Firm-wide belief that our team should
lead the way in innovation by being disrupters and thought leaders in data
science. Our Data Science team: In this role, you will join a diverse,
collaborative and Ever-growing data science team. You will work alongside
Highly-skilled practitioners, including a master-class Kaggle competitor, a
member of the Apache Software Foundation, and nationally recognized data
science thought leaders (with coverage in WSJ, HBR, and many others). You will
deliver intellectual capital and solutions that enable our clients to derive
the maximum value from their data while solving solve our clients most pressing
business needs. A day in the life what our Data Scientists do:

- Tap into the firms consulting roots to define business problems while
manipulating data, developing analytical solutions and executing models

- Identify new opportunities to further apply advanced analytics solutions with
our existing clients

- Work across all of our markets with private and public sector clients in
Energy, Financial Services, Life Sciences (Health) and Defense

- Pioneer and champion data science for social good while working with national
museums, international organizations and non

-profits

- Enhance the diversity of the firm by helping to attract, develop and retain
our existing talent This position is located in Washington, DC, Boston, MA, San
Diego, CA, Houston, TX, or New York, NY. Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

-2 years of experience with advanced data analytic techniques, including data
mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and Natural Language Processing

-1 year of experience with programming in an object

-oriented programming language, including Java or Python

-Experience in working with massive data sets, including structured and
structured with at least 1 prior engagement involving data gathering, data
cleaning, data mining, and data visualization

-Ability to show a proven track record of weaving data and analysis into a
compelling format that is client

- and solutions

-driven and easily digestible resulting in client approval

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-BA or BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with scientific research processes and bioinformatics, health and
analytical tools related to genomics, medical imaging, phenotypic, or related
data

-Knowledge of government

-funded research processes and initiatives

-Experience with an object

-oriented programming language, including Java or Python

-Experience with articulating the overall story derived from data and analysis
and explaining complex analyses and themes to non

-technical and technical audiences

-Knowledge of advanced data analytic techniques, including data mining, machine
learning, statistical analysis, and Natural Language Processing

-Ability to show a track record of solving large, complex problems

-BA or BS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, EE, CS, or
related fields preferred MS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations
Research, Biology, Bioinformatics, Biomedical Engineering, Genetics,
Neuroscience, or similar health

-related fields preferred MA, MS, or PhD degree in Biomedical Engineering,
Bioinformatics, Biology, Genetics, Neuroscience, or related fields

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-EG-01213394/J3J2365WKLS2M44HSF0/ Data Scientist -
EG_01213394

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: McLean, VA
  • Job Type: Science
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia
  • Scientist Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
