Skip to main content

  * A-Z Index
  * Contact Us
  * Academic HR
  * UW.edu

Enter search text: [                    ]
University of Washington Human Resources

University of Washington Human Resources Home

  * Jobs
      + Why work at UW?
      + Before you apply
      + Temporary work
      + Employee referral program
      + Find a job
  * Total Rewards
      + Compensation

          o Professional staff compensation
          o Classified staff compensation
      + Benefits

          o Health benefits
          o Insurance benefits
          o Retirement plans
          o Health and wellness
      + WorkLife

          o UW CareLink
          o Child care
          o Elder care
          o Workplace giving
          o The Whole U
          o Discounts and perks
      + Leaves and Holidays

          o Leaves
          o Holiday schedule
          o Flexwork
  * Workplace Essentials
      + Employee Support

          o Employee recognition
          o Employee work performance
          o Complaint resolution
          o Update personal information
          o UW SafeCampus
      + Career Development

          o Professional development
          o Online learning opportunities
          o Career tools and services
          o Tuition exemption
      + Manager Resources

          o Hiring
          o New employees
          o Performance management
          o Succession planning
          o Organizational development
      + Quick Links

          o Employee Self-Service
          o My HR Tools
          o OPUS
          o OWLS
          o UWHIRES login
  * Policies, Forms, and Contracts
      + Policies
      + Forms
      + Labor union contracts
      + Classified non-union information
      + Professional Staff Program
  * Offices
      + Office of the Vice President
      + Benefits
      + Compensation
      + Disability Services Office
      + HR Administration and Information Systems
      + HR Operations
      + Labor Relations
      + Marketing, Communications, and Engagement
      + Professional & Organizational Development
      + WorkLife

Menu

  * Jobs
      + Why work at UW?
      + Before you apply
      + Temporary work
      + Employee referral program
      + Find a job
  * Total Rewards
      + Compensation
          o Professional staff compensation
          o Classified staff compensation
      + Benefits
          o Health benefits
          o Insurance benefits
          o Retirement plans
          o Health and wellness
      + WorkLife
          o UW CareLink
          o Child care
          o Elder care
          o Workplace giving
          o The Whole U
          o Discounts and perks
      + Leaves and Holidays
          o Leaves
          o Holiday schedule
          o Flexwork
  * Workplace Essentials
      + Employee Support
          o Employee recognition
          o Employee work performance
          o Complaint resolution
          o Update personal information
          o UW SafeCampus
      + Career Development
          o Professional development
          o Online learning opportunities
          o Career tools and services
          o Tuition exemption
      + Manager Resources
          o Hiring
          o New employees
          o Performance management
          o Succession planning
          o Organizational development
      + Quick Links
          o Employee Self-Service
          o My HR Tools
          o OPUS
          o OWLS
          o UWHIRES login
  * Policies, Forms, and Contracts
      + Policies
      + Forms
      + Labor union contracts
      + Classified non-union information
      + Professional Staff Program
  * Offices
      + Office of the Vice President
      + Benefits
      + Compensation
      + Disability Services Office
      + HR Administration and Information Systems
      + HR Operations
      + Labor Relations
      + Marketing, Communications, and Engagement
      + Professional & Organizational Development
      + WorkLife

More

  * A-Z Index
  * Contact Us
  * Academic HR
  * UW.edu

Enter search text: [                    ]
If you are using a screen reader and experience any difficulty accessing our
web pages, please call 206-543-2544 or email UWHires and we will be happy to
assist you. jump to content
Job Search

RESEARCH SCIENTIST/ENGINEER 2
 

RESEARCH SCIENTIST/ENGINEER 2


Req #:        141238
Department:   CARDIOLOGY
Job Location: South Lake Union
Posting Date: 01/06/2017 
Closing Info: Open Until Filled 
              Salary is
Salary:       commensurate with
              experience and
              education 

*
The University of Washington
(UW) is proud to be one of the
nation?s premier educational and
research institutions.  Our
people are the most important
asset in our pursuit of
achieving excellence in
education, research and
community service.  Our staff
not only enjoys outstanding
benefits and professional growth
opportunities, but also an
environment noted for diversity,
community involvement,
intellectual excitement,
artistic pursuits, and natural
beauty. 

The Cardiology Division has 51
full-time clinical faculty at
three hospitals: The University
of Washington Medical Center,
Harborview Medical Center and
the Veterans Affairs Puget Sound
Health Care System. The faculty
is known for excellence in
patient care, teaching, and
research. In fact, 10 of the 12
cardiologists listed by Seattle
Magazine in 2002 as among
"Seattle's Best Doctors" are
full-time University of
Washington faculty. Our priority
is to provide outstanding care
while meeting highest
expectations for service to
patients and referring
physicians.

The Division of Cardiology at
University of Washington has an
outstanding opportunity for a
Research Scientist/Engineer 2.
The Research Scientist reports
directly to the PIs and is
expected to work independently
and collaboratively with a
highly interactive group of
fellow research personnel for
research on heart disease.

The individual in this position
will focus on experiments in
molecular cloning and transgenic
murine systems.  He/she will be
required to perform the
following:

Design and conduct molecular
biology experiments for research
projects involving cloning
techniques: upregulation and
knockdown systems in cultured
cells.
Design and conduct experiments
on mice: create specific animals
using breeding and genotyping
strategies and create animal
models pertinent to human
cardiovascular diseases.
Collaborate with and support the
PI with multiple laboratory
experiments, as delegated by the
PI.
Independently prepare, optimize
and execute experiment
protocols; analyze the data and
generate and present summary and
reports for research projects
and laboratory activities per
instruction. 

As a UW employee, you will enjoy
generous benefits and work/life
programs.  For detailed
information on Benefits for this
position, click here.
REQUIREMENTS:
BS degree in biomedical sciences
(cell biology, biochemistry,
molecular biology, physiology,
pathology, or veterinary
science), and two to four years
of relevant experience in a
research lab.

Additional  Requirements:
Ability to communicate
effectively both verbally and in
writing and maintain a detailed
record of research activities.
The will and desire to innovate
and learn new concepts and
techniques both in collaboration
with as well independent of
colleagues, depending on
context. 

Equivalent education/experience
will substitute for all minimum
qualifications except when there
are legal requirements, such as
a license/certification/
registration.
DESIRED:
Mouse surgery, tissue histology,
cell culture, and flow
cytometry.
CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT:
Appointment to this position is
contingent upon obtaining
satisfactory results from a
criminal background check.

Application Process:
The application process for UW
positions may include completion
of a variety of online
assessments to obtain additional
information that will be used in
the evaluation process.  These
assessments may include
Workforce Authorization,
Criminal Conviction History,
Cover Letter and/or others.  Any
assessments that you need to
complete will appear on your
screen as soon as you select
?Apply to this position?. Once
you begin an assessment, it must
be completed at that time; if
you do not complete the
assessment you will be prompted
to do so the next time you
access your ?My Jobs? page. If
you select to take it later, it
will appear on your "My Jobs"
page to take when you are ready.
Please note that your
application will not be
reviewed, and you will not be
considered for this position
until all required assessments
have been completed.
The University of Washington is
a leader in environmental
stewardship & sustainability,
and committed to becoming
climate neutral. The University
of Washington is a leader in
environmental stewardship &
sustainability, and committed to
becoming climate neutral.

The University of Washington is
an equal opportunity,
affirmative action employer. To
request disability accommodation
in the application process,
contact the Disability Services
Office at 206-543-6450 /
206-543-6452 (tty) or dso@uw.edu
.

Apply for this job

University of Washington  

Be boundless

  * Accessibility
  * Jobs
  * SafeCampus
  * Privacy
  * Terms
  * Employment Verification
  * Workplace posters

? 2016 University of Washington | Seattle, WA

