Skip to main content

Menu

Bank Of America Careers

Navigation

  * Home
  * Our Company
      + Our Business
  * Working Here
      + Culture, Inclusion, People
      + Military & Veterans
      + Benefits & Advantages
      + Career Development & Learning
      + Recruitment Tips
  * Locations
  * Career Areas
  * Search Jobs
  * Events
  * Applicants with Disabilities
  * United States Change Location
      + Argentina
      + Australia
      + Bahamas
      + Bahrain
      + Belgium
      + Brazil
      + Canada
      + Cayman Islands
      + Chile
      + China
      + Colombia
      + Costa Rica
      + France
      + Germany
      + Greece
      + Hong Kong
      + India
      + Indonesia
      + Ireland
      + Isle of Man
      + Israel
      + Italy
      + Japan
      + Jersey
      + Lebanon
      + Luxembourg
      + Malaysia
      + Mexico
      + Monaco
      + Netherlands
      + Norway
      + Panama
      + Peru
      + Philippines
      + Poland
      + Portugal
      + Russia
      + Saudi Arabia
      + Singapore
      + South Africa
      + South Korea
      + Spain
      + Sweden
      + Switzerland
      + Taiwan
      + Thailand
      + Turkey
      + United Arab Emirates
      + United Kingdom
      + United States
      + Uruguay
      + Venezuela

Job search banner image

Search Jobs

Senior Data Scientist

Atlanta, GA; Charlotte, NC; - United States

Job number: 16026546

Back to job search results
Apply Now for this job >[Email me][Email a friend]

Job description

Job Description:

C IG (Corporate Investments Group) is hiring a SAS developer/administrator. In
this role, you will provide direction to the Data Scientists and Financial
Analysts that use SAS for back tests, diagnostics, model fitting and related
activities. Additionally you will collaborate with the infra-structure team in
the design and implementation of newer SAS components and expansion of the
platform, as well day to day maintenance of the SAS platform.
Successful candidates must be ""hands on"" with SAS software, have a solid
understanding of large MPP computer platforms, SAS GRID and Hadoop. The
candidate for this role must demonstrate understanding of the different SAS
software components used in data manipulation and model development, and have a
strong background in maintaining production processes and platforms.

Responsible for enabling analysis, modeling, and optimization through producing
information products. Actively involved in the research and development
efforts. Primary requirement is not related to traditional programming or
systems analysis skills but to the ability to create sophisticated, value-added
analytic systems that support revenue generation, risk management, operational
efficiency, regulatory compliance, portfolio management, and research. These
systems must overcome issues of complex data (e.g., VLDB, multi-structured, big
data, etc.) as well as deployment of advanced techniques (e.g., machine
learning, text mining, statistical analysis, etc.) to deliver insights.
Responsible for adoption of enterprise information products through clearly
communicating how enterprise information products answer material banking
questions leading to decisions and actions. This role often possesses an
advanced degree in hard science or another heavy quantitative business or
social discipline. Able to lead or work independently on complex projects and
influence strategic direction.



Required skills:

  * Minimum of 5 years of experience in building analytical data marts and data
    warehousing, or a minimum of 5 years building analytical models
  * Expertise in data tools, language and products used for data manipulation,
    data warehousing using one of these products/languages: Teradata, Hadoop,
    SAS
  * Strong SQL and basic Unix/Linux skills
  * Advanced programing skills in: SAS, R

  * Strong project management skills and detail oriented
  * Minimum of a master degree in computer science, statistics, data mining or
    related field

Desired skills

  * Solid understanding of the design and usage of MPP platforms
  * Experience with big-data
  * Strong independent self-driven professional
  * Strong analytical and problem solving skills
  * Experience with version control tools (svn, git and others) is a plus
  * Perl, Python, Java and C++ skills are a plus

Posting Date: 12/21/2016

Location: US-GA-Atlanta, US-NC-Charlotte

Travel: Yes, 5% of the time

Full / Part-time: Full time

Hours Per Week: 40

Shift: 1st shift

Already have a candidate profile? Log in to access and update your current
profile to access and update your current profile.

Assistance for Applicants with Disabilities

Bank of America is committed to ensuring that our online application process
provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including
individuals with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable
accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application,
please visit the Applicants with Disabilities page.

Diversity & Inclusion

At Bank of America, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to
create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our
employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their
goals and connect with each other. All qualified applicants will receive
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender,
gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics,
disability, age, or veteran status.

Frequently Asked Questions

Need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job
applications or reset your password? Visit our FAQ section for answers to these
questions and more.

Bank of America Employees

Bank of America employees should access the internal jobs database.

Return to Top

  * FAQ |
  * Events |
  * Campus |
  * About Us |
  * Returning Job Seekers |
  * Pay Transparency |
  * Privacy Policy |
  * EEO Statement |
  * Site Map

? Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. ? 2014 Bank of
America Corporation. All rights reserved.

Follow us:

  * Go to Twitter page
    Twitter page : BofA_Careers Twitter page : ML_Careers
  * Go to Facebook page
  * Go to Linkedin page
    Linkedin page : Bank of America Linkedin page : Merrill Lynch
  * 

Life's better when we're connected

[interstiti]

Thanks for your interest in this job

We're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job
application right now. Please try again after 1 a.m. GMT Monday, 12 December.

Thank you for your patience!

Life?s better when we?re connected ?

