Skip Navigation MONSANTO

  • who we are
  • products
  • newsroom
  • improving agriculture

Menu

search jobs

Keyword Search [                    ]

Country, City, State, or ZIP [                    ]

Search radius [Radius  ]

Search

Data Scientist - Geospatial

St. Louis, Missouri, US apply now Apply Later Job ID 01D6Q

Monsanto is passionate about using science and technology to improve
agriculture.  Technology continues to evolve at an ever rapid rate, and it is
foremost to Monsanto’s success today and in the future to evolve as well.  The
Global IT Analytics team within Products and Engineering looks to find creative
and innovative solutions to enable success within our research pipeline while
identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities to maintain and grow our
position as the market leader.   The ability to examine and optimize our
current methods coupled with an eye on the future lends itself to a unique
opportunity within our organization.

Monsanto has an opportunity available for a Geospatial Data Scientist to join
our Global IT Analytics team within the Products and Engineering organization
in IT.  The Products and Engineering organization works directly with Monsanto
scientists to develop digital products leveraging cutting-edge research and
technology platforms revolutionize global agriculture.  

You will use the latest mathematical and statistical innovations to propose
analytic solutions that accommodate emerging trends in data quantity and
quality. You will will design and test algorithms and conduct prototyping to
evaluate possible scenarios leveraging computational and statistical techniques
for the development of novel approaches for high-throughput big data analyses. 


You will also have the opportunity to work collaboratively with
interdisciplinary scientists internal and external to Monsanto, organize
challenging problems, develop new solutions, and work with business &
development teams to ensure these solutions deliver value.

- PhD or PhD completion by May 2017 in Mathematics, Statistics, Spatial
Statistics, Geoinformatics, Environmental Modeling, Engineering, Computer
Science, or Computational Biology required

 

- 3+ years of experience with Statistical and Mathematical programming packages
(R, Matlab, Python)

 

- Proficiency in Spatial and/or Temporal Statistical Modeling

 

- Experience with statistical modeling and data mining


- Experience analyzing and presenting complex data and proven problem solving
abilities


- Strong publication record in leading scientific journals


- Strong organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills


- Ability to work in a matrix environment, leading & influencing people at
varying levels of responsibility


Desired Skills:

 

- 3+ yrs. experience post PhD building Spatio-Temporal models and predictive
models is highly desired

 

- Expertise in Spatial auto-correlation modeling, Bayesian Statistics, Spatial
Econometrics, or Topological data analysis

 

- Pattern Recognition (Conditional Random Fields, Hidden Markov Models, Maximum
Entropy Markov Models, etc)

 

- Proficiency in Machine learning algorithms and concepts (Ensembles, Deep
Learning, SVM, etc.)

 

- Experience in stochastic modeling and simulation

 

- Experience working with agricultural/biological scientific data is highly
desired

 

- Drive for translating business problems into research initiatives that
deliver business value

 

- Creativity in defining challenging exploratory projects

 

- Ability to code in Java, C, Hadoop, MapReduce, PySpark, Spark, C++

 

apply now Apply Later

Share

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • Email
  • LinkedIn

Recent Jobs

  • Sr. Manager-Tax Financial Reporting - St. Louis, Missouri
  • Field Operations Manager Hungary - Budapest, Budapest
  • Portuguese Language Specialist – Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable -
    Bangalore, Karnataka
  • Data Management Support Intern, Ibadan (Nigeria) or Fourways (South Africa)
    - ,
  • Technology Development Representative - Tanzania - , Arusha

Useful Links

  • Monsanto
  • Sustainability
  • Careers
  • Viewpoints
  • Awards and Recognitions
  • Students
  • Diversity at Monsanto
  • Discover Monsanto

Awards

  • [award1]
  • [award2]

Follow us on the web:

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • YouTube
  • Blog

stay in the loop with our job news and events

Email Address[                    ]

Area of interestSearch for a category, location, or category/location pair,
select a term from the suggestions, and click "Add".

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  • Information Technology, St. Louis, Missouri, United StatesRemove
  • Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[sign up]

Monsanto is an equal opportunity employer, we value a diverse combination of
ideas, perspectives and cultures. EEO Employer Minorities/Females/Protected
Veterans/Disabled
Monsanto & Vine Design™ is a registered trademark of Monsanto Technology LLC. ©
2015 Monsanto Company

