Ford Logo

  • COMPANY
      □ Overview
      □ Community
      □ History
      □ Corporate Governance
      □ Global Operations
  • VEHICLES
  • INNOVATION
  • CAREERS
      □ Overview
      □ Employee Profiles
      □ Departments
      □ Recruiting Events
      □ Careers FAQs
    U.S. Jobs For:
      □ Professionals
      □ Students
      □ Veterans
  • INVESTORS
      □ Overview
      □ Reports and Filings
      □ Investor Events
      □ Stock Info & Tools
      □ Investor FAQs
  • NEWS

Shop Ford Shop Lincoln Media
Facebook Twitter YouTube Global

  • Careers Home >
  • Back to Previous >
  • Ford Descriptive Analytics

Descriptive Analytics - Data Scientist

Apply    
Auto Req ID:
26149BR
Job Title:
Descriptive Analytics - Data Scientist
Location:
Dearborn
State:
MI
Company:
Ford Motor Company
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Job Description

Position Overview/Description:

The Visual Data Scientist & Data analyst positions discover and curate new and
existing data sources to create solutions for the business. These key positions
help bring data to life to solve business problems. At times, the problem is
identified by a business unit, frequently wishing to optimize cost, revenue, or
improve quality, and at times problems are formulated by the Data Scientists.
Solutions are then envisioned that harness internal and external data and (in
the case of the Visualization side) through advanced visualizations, provide
the ability for users to answer their key questions.

Responsibilities:

  • Supports all enterprise units including Business Units and Skill Teams
  • Responsible for creating new data visualizations, including:
  • Problem formulation and design of solution
  • Harvesting of data from multiple systems globally
  • Collaborating with Analytics and IT teams to transforming the data for use
    in modeling and visualizations
  • Designing visual interface for users to interact with the data; Building
    visualizations
  • Identify relationships in data to assist in providing insights
  • Evaluation of data accuracy, completeness, timeliness and stability to
    establish repeatable, sustainable processes to maintain
  • Data visualization team will train and deployment of the new tools.


Basic Qualifications:

  • Bachelors’ degree
  • 1+ years of experience with one or more of the following tools: Data
    Gathering skills/tools (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, SAS, Business Objects,
    etc.) or Visualization skills/tools (e.g. QlikView, Tableau, WebFocus,
    etc.)



Preferred Qualifications:


  • Master’s degree with a strong background in data science

  • Strong collaboration and communications skills
  • Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills
  • Experience communicating findings to make data analysis actionable and
    understandable by business partners
  • Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement
    an action plan
  • Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability
    to programmatically solve problems
  • Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction

The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of
innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover
all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a
diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the
way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready
to go further.

Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to
work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment
eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not
available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally
diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for
employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin,
sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran
status.



Apply    
[TXVpe]

  • COMPANY

    Overview
      □ Community
      □ History
      □ Corporate Governance
  • VEHICLES

    VEHICLES

    Overview
  • INNOVATION

    INNOVATION

    Overview
  • CAREERS

    Overview
      □ Employee Profiles
      □ Departments
      □ Recruiting Events
      □ Careers FAQs
  • INVESTORS

    Overview
      □ Reports and Filings
      □ Investor Events
      □ Stock Info & Tools
      □ Investor FAQs

  • Ford Press

      □ Media
      □ Ford Magazine
      □ Sustainability Report
  • Contact Us

      □ Your Vehicles
      □ Ford Motor Company
      □ Shareholder Services
      □ Investor Relations
  • Around the Oval

      □ Ford Merchandise
      □ Ford Racing
      □ Ford Driving Skills for Life
      □ Warriors In Pink
  • Customer Support

      □ Ford Support Us
      □ Lincoln Support Us
  • Shop

      □ Ford U.S.
      □ Lincoln U.S.
      □ Global

Connect

social.ford.com
Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram

  • Image alt
  • ©2015 Ford Motor Company
  • Privacy
  • Your California Privacy Rights
  • Human Trafficking: CA Disclosure
  • Conflict Minerals
  • Terms and Conditions
  • Image alt

