 

  • Learn about UP
  • Fitness Trackers
  • Corporate Sales
  • Support

  • Sign In

  • Blue Burst & Black Burst UP MOVE
  • Turquoise Circle Lightweight Thin Strap & Black Diamond Classic Flat Strap
    UP2
  • Ruby Cross UP3
  • Silver Cross UP4
  • Compare trackers compare

Menu  

  • Home
  • Learn about UP
  • Fitness Trackers
      □ UP MOVE
      □ UP2
      □ UP3
      □ UP4
      □ Compare Trackers
  • Corporate Sales
  • Support
  • Sign In

"We create software solutions with our innovative mobile and wearable devices."

Data Scientist
Apply now
The next era of technology will be defined by products that are smarter,
interconnected, and seamlessly integrated into our daily routines. Jawbone is
building these products -- and the data science team is a key piece of this
puzzle. If you’re passionate about data, wearable tech, and inspiring people to
live better you’d fit right in.

The Data
The Jawbone UP wristband collects data at 30 Hz, 24/7 and it helps hundreds of
thousands of people understand how they move, sleep and eat. Our best-in-class
wireless speakers, headsets and apps tell stories about the music people listen
to and their environment. We want to turn these insights into products -- and
that’s why we need you on the data team. You know what it takes to build a data
product that delights and inspires millions of users all over the world. You’re
passionate about turning data into stories that capture people’s imaginations.
You know it’s no small feat, and you’re up for the challenge.

The Impact
You’ve worked with data that’s big, messy and incredibly rich. Maybe you’ve
optimized ad CTR, but now you’re ready to start building the future of
wearables, personal lifestyle tracking, and the Internet of Things. You know
how to ask the right questions -- and how to explain the answers concisely.
You’re a data enthusiast and a data skeptic; we need both when we’re asking
questions about habit formation, motivation and sleep. You know enough machine
learning to personalize and shape the user experience, but you also know when
machine learning is not the answer.

The Team
You can’t wait to join a team of data scientists, data engineers, and data
visualization experts and make a huge impact on our best-in-class software.
After all, this team has quite the portfolio: In our app, we’re now
automatically detecting and classifying workouts and sleep, and suggesting food
items to log. We’re fine-tuning health insights and delivering the right
motivating message at the right time, making Smart Coach even smarter. We’ve
shown the world how an earthquake affects our sleep -- and why our bodies don’t
care about timezones. This is no academic research lab -- everybody codes and
ships. You’ll work closely with data scientists @eminomura & engineers
@ivan_grubisic and @kelvinskwong to shape the future of our products and
establish Jawbone as a data thought leader.

Technologies and Learning
How can we cluster users by their lifestyle goals? How do you define a ‘nap’?
Supervised or unsupervised learning? What’s the data signature of a habit? How
do we detect outliers, build predictive models and solve cold start problems --
at scale? How can we measure the impact we have on our users’ lives? What’s the
state of the art for analyzing time series data? You’re going to be
instrumental in answering these type of questions. You’re going to learn a lot
in the process, and you’ll mentor junior engineers and data scientists. You’ll
represent Jawbone and the data team as a speaker at professional events -- if
you’re not a great speaker already, you will be.

Join us!
Our mission is to deliver better living through data -- from wearable tech to
best-in-class Bluetooth headsets and wireless speakers. We’re looking for data
scientists who share our passion to transform massive amounts of data into
products that delight our customers and improve their lives.

The team is based in San Francisco’s trendy SOMA district. We have healthy
catered lunches and great benefits -- but what’s most exciting is the impact
you’ll have, what you’ll learn, and the team you’re going to be a part of.

Are you up for it?


Location

San Francisco, CA, United States
San Francisco, CA, United States
Apply now View all open positions
 
Change country

Company
      □ About us
      □ News & Press
      □ Careers
      □ Blog
      □ Food & Calories Search

Shop
      □ Retail partners
      □ Corporate Sales
      □ Corporate Wellness

Support
      □ Support
      □ Contact Us

For Developers
      □ Developer Portal
      □ Data Endpoints
      □ Tools
      □ FAQ
      □ API Status

Get the latest news

Enter email address [                    ] Submit
Change country

Skip to main content

  • Argentina
  • Australia
  • Brasil
  • Canada (Français)
  • Canada
  • Chile
  • Denmark
  • Deutschland
  • España
  • Finland
  • France
  • Hong Kong
  • India
  • Ireland
  • Italia
  • Malaysia
  • México
  • Nederland
  • New Zealand
  • Norway
  • Saudi Arabia
  • Singapore
  • South Africa
  • Sweden
  • Thailand
  • UAE
  • United Kingdom
  • United States
  • Resto de América Latina
  • Rest of Asia
  • Rest of Europe
  • Rest of Africa/Middle East
  • 中国
  • 香港
  • 日本
  • 대한민국
  • Россия
  • 台灣

© 2017 Jawbone. All rights reserved. See our terms of use and privacy policy.

  • Instagram
  • Pinterest
  • Twitter
  • Google+
  • YouTube
  • Tumblr
  • Facebook

