Settings

[parsons_ca]
About BenefitsDiversityCareer PerspectivesTransitioning MilitaryJobsHelp
[parsons_logo_mobile]

  * [parme]
      + About
      + Benefits
      + Diversity
      + Career Perspectives
      + Transitioning Military
      + Jobs
      + Help

?
Parsons Talent Acquisition

  * Jobs
  * Help

Modeling and Simulation Analyst (EO/IR)

? Suitland, Maryland, United States

?
    Intelligence, Nat'l Security, Military

? ? ? ?
    39624 Requisition #

Apply for Job
Share this Job
Sign Up for Job Alerts

                    Modeling and Simulation Analyst (EO/IR)

                                 Suitland, MD

 

 

Are you a Modeling and Simulation (M&S) Analyst (EO/IR) looking for your next
challenge? Parsons is supporting the Office of Naval Intelligence /
Intelligence Analysis and Data Support (ONI IADS) Program Office . The
selected M&S analyst in this role will be an engineer, physicist, computer
scientist, or mathematician with experience in naval Electro-Optical and
InfraRed sensor design. Additional experience requirements include operations,
engineering development, systems integration, systems engineering, lifetime
support maintenance, threats, discrimination, detection/tracking, and training
development. A working knowledge of Night Vision and Electronic Sensors
Directorate (NVESD) Modeling Tools (i.e. NVTHERM, NVIPM) and UML or SysML are
required.

 

 

Education and Experience requirements:

Bachelor?s degree in Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics or a
directly related discipline plus eight (8) or more years? experience, or a
Master?s degree plus six (6) or more years? experience, or a PhD plus four (4)
or more years? experience. Master?s or Doctorate degrees shall be directly
related to the disciplines listed.

 

Active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required.

***Applicants selected for employment will be subject to a

Federal background investigation and must meet additional

eligibility requirements for access to classified information or

materials.***

 
 

Parsons is a technology-driven engineering services firm with more than 70
years of experience in the engineering, construction, technical, and
professional services industries. The corporation is a leader in many
diversified markets with a focus on infrastructure, defense, and construction.
Parsons delivers design/design-build, program/construction management, systems
design/engineering, cyber/converged security, and other professional services
packaged in innovative alternative delivery methods to federal, regional, and
local government agencies, as well as to private industrial customers
worldwide.


All across the world, at every time of day, Parsons is keeping people moving
toward a brighter, safer world. For more about Parsons, please visit
www.parsons.com.


Parsons is an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in
the workplace. Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran/LGBT

Parsons is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to an individual?s
race, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, union affiliation, age, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, employable
physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, immigration
status, or any other basis protected by all applicable laws.

[                    ]
My Profile

Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.

Profile

My Submissions

Track your opportunities.

Submissions

Similar Listings

Modeling and Simulation Developer

? Suitland, Maryland, United States

? Intelligence, Nat'l Security, Military

Requisition #: 39225

Systems Engineer, Principal

? Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States

? Intelligence, Nat'l Security, Military

Requisition #: 40509

Electrical/Hardware Engineer, Senior

? Huntsville, Alabama, United States

? Intelligence, Nat'l Security, Military

Requisition #: 35755

View More Listings

  * Jobs
  * Help
  * Sitemap

? Parsons Talent Acquisition. All rights reserved.

Parsons.com

  * About
  * Alumni
  * Markets
  * Projects
  * Services

Sign up for email alerts and be the first to know of our new opportunities.

Sign Up

Get Social with Us!

  * LinkedIn
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Youtube

Parsons is an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in
the workplace. Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran/LGBT

Parsons is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to an individual's
race, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, union affiliation, age, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, employable
physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, immigration
status, or any other basis protected by all applicable laws.

  * Employment Information Validation
  * Parsons Temporary Agencies and Third-Party Search Firm Policy
  * Fraudulent Employment Disclaimer
  * Compliance Statements

  * Contact
  * Privacy
  * Copyright @ 2016 Parsons Corporation. All rights reserved

1 0
