HomeAway

Senior Data Scientist - Revenue Management

IT - Global Data Science (326) | Information Technology | Austin, TX

About HomeAway:
Have you ever had the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people in
a meaningful way and help them enjoy time away with their friends and families
building memories?

That is what we do here at HomeAway.com. We are the leading vacation rental
website in the world with more than 1 million online bookable vacation rentals.
Our mission is to make every vacation rental in the world available to every
traveler in the world through our online marketplace and we're committed to
helping families and friends find the perfect vacation rental to create
unforgettable travel experiences together. As for engineering,we solve problems
of scale and work on cutting edge and open-source technologies. Our culture is
one that strives on solving difficult problems focusing on product engineering
based on hypothesis testing to empower people to come up with ideas.

Job Description:
The Revenue Management team at HomeAway is growing fast and adding a Data
Scientist to the mix.  From modeling demand, building forecasts and price
response functions, we are working to help property owners maximize their
occupancy and revenue on the platform.  Unlike the hotel or airline space, our
owners aren’t studied statisticians - they could be anyone.  Building a
scalable and intuitive self-service revenue management system is no easy task.
 Our team will be challenged by data problems,story-telling, education and
design.  The opportunity is so promising that the revenue management teams is
one of the central investments for the future of HomeAway.

As a Data Scientist on the Revenue Management Team, you’ll play a major role in
how we architect, visualize, and interpret critical data that is at the very
core of our business. You’ll partner with our leaders to understand objectives,
and then work alongside our Analysts and Engineers to execute and communicate
findings back to the business through visualizations and presentations. Simply
put – we want you to be HomeAway’s leading expert on data and predictive
analytics for revenue management. 

Responsibilities:

  • Work with the team on demand modeling, forecasting and dynamic pricing
  • Devise techniques for model localization, calibration,monitoring and alerts
  • Be aware of data streams captured in the company in any format (structured,
    unstructured, semi-structured, external API etc.) and how to overcome their
    obstacles
  • Assist others in the company in data discovery and data preparation phase
  • Work closely with various Product, Business andEngineering teams
  • Understand the “big picture” our data presents and frame analytic problem
    statements in response to business and product challenges
  • Be an expert in the Exploratory phase and prescriptive analysis - i.e build
    and assess models, review results, etc.
  • Articulate storytelling to business stakeholders - focus on telling the
    “business” story (abstracting data complexities and processes)and
    influencing the audience

Qualifications:

  • 8+ years of experience in Data Science and analytics fields with projects
    from ideation to production
  • Experience working in internet-based/eCommerce/travel industry is preferred
  • Experience with programming languages such as R, Python,or Scala
  • Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes for
    semi-structured and unstructured data at near real-time throughput
  • Experience working in Hadoop ecosystem, Spark, strong alternative database
    knowledge and expertise in SQL
  • Experience building various machine learning models and implementation in a
    production system
  • Revenue management or pricing domain expertise strongly preferred
  • Masters or Ph.D in Decision Systems, Operations Research, Statistics, Math,
    Computer Science, Market Economics

Benefits:

  • Great Medical & Dental Plans
  • Highly Competitive Pay
  • Target Annual Bonus
  • 4 weeks Paid Vacation
  • Employee Purchase Discount Plan
  • Discounted vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit)
  • Free drinks & snacks
  • Weekly company update talks with our leadership team
  • Free Listing on HomeAway.com
  • Discounted Metro Bus & Rail pass
  • Electronic adjustable stand up desk
  • Casual dress code

To understand the mission of HomeAway, watch our ad by Prince EA, https://
www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNRldP18bH8”'>Working to Live or Living to Work, on our
YouTube channel!

Visit our https://tech.homeaway.com/science/'>Engineering Blog.

Apply

Jobvite

