IMS Health

Statistician- Pharmaceutical Marketing Analytics

  • New York, NY
  • Full-time

Company Description

QuintilesIMS is the world’s leading information, services and technology
company dedicated to making healthcare perform better.

We are a leading global information and technology services company providing
clients in the healthcare industry with end-to-end solutions to measure and
improve their performance. With a revenue of $3.3 Billion and operating in 100+
countries with 5000+ clients and 15000+ employees worldwide, the company
delivers unique insights into diseases, treatments, costs and outcomes for
customers including pharmaceutical, consumer health and medical device
manufacturers and distributors, providers, payers, government agencies,
policymakers, researchers and the financial community.

Individuals joining us are assured of a rewarding career in healthcare data
analytics and consulting, with opportunities to address diverse and challenging
problems of healthcare clients, directly manage client relationships, interact
with senior leaders and gain exposure to a truly multi-cultural, collegial and
collaborative work environment.


Job Description

The QuitilesIMS Advanced Analytics team is one of the leading healthcare
analytical teams in the world. Joining the team provides the opportunity to
work with extremely complex data and methodologies in a fast-paced,
ever-changing environment. We seek highly motivated people who truly want to
make a difference in the life sciences industry. At QuintilesIMS, we look for
the very best people, and then give them meaningful work to do. We don’t simply
think about careers, we think about contributions.

Those who choose to work with us are joining a recognized global leader — a
company uniquely positioned to help clients make the most of market
opportunities and respond to challenges that affect global healthcare. We’re
committed to blending industry expertise and advanced technology to deliver the
most accurate perspectives and in-depth analytics on healthcare dynamics.

Responsibilities:

  • Conduct statistical modeling and data analysis for marketing programs,
    including campaign impact and return on investment (ROI) measurement;
    derive conclusions from the study and assist client in data driven decision
    recommendations
  • Provides statistical methodology support to client in the delivery of
    standard and custom studies; applies statistical design and methodology to
    meet client’s information needs
  • Assists other statisticians in preparing analysis plans and statistical
    reports and performs validation of statistical analysis
  • Works on projects of moderate scope within defined procedures and
    practices, assists in preparing written summaries of study results

Qualifications

  • Master&apos;s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics,
    Mathematics or related field with a minimum of two (2) years of experience
    in marketing analytics, operations research, or applied statistics
  • SAS and Oracle/SQL programming experience
  • Experience working with doctor-level and patient-level data, experience
    with medical claims data and managed care data (plan / payer data) is a
    plus
  • Experience analyzing large datasets, including accessing and reading in
    different data, data merging, integration and analysis, summary statistics
  • Technical skills in one or more of the following: regression analysis,
    multivariate analysis, forecasting, predictive modeling, clustering
    analysis, decision tree
  • Excellent problem solving and interpersonal skills with a strong capacity
    to communicate well with client

Additional Information

About QuintilesIMS

QuintilesIMS is a leading global information and technology services company
providing clients in the healthcare industry with comprehensive solutions to
measure and improve their performance. End-to-end proprietary applications and
configurable solutions connect 10+ petabytes of complex healthcare data through
the IMS One™ cloud-based master data management platform, providing
comprehensive insights into diseases, treatments, costs and outcomes.

The company’s 15,000 employees blend global consistency and local market
knowledge across 100 countries to help clients run their operations more
efficiently. Customers include pharmaceutical, consumer health and medical
device manufacturers and distributors, providers, payers, government agencies,
policymakers, researchers and the financial community.

As a global leader in protecting individual patient privacy, IMS Health uses
anonymous healthcare data to deliver critical, real-world disease and treatment
insights. These insights help biotech and pharmaceutical companies, medical
researchers, government agencies, payers and other healthcare stakeholders to
identify unmet treatment needs and understand the effectiveness and value of
pharmaceutical products in improving overall health outcomes. Additional
information is available at www.quintilesims.com.

QuintilesIMS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We cultivate a diverse corporate
culture across the 100+ countries where we operate, celebrating and rewarding
teamwork and inclusiveness. By embracing our differences, we create innovative
solutions that are good for IMS, our clients, and the advancement of healthcare
everywhere.

I'm interested
I'm interestedRefer a friend
Matthew G

Posted by

Matthew G

share this job

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

Powered by 

[103876967]
