*
Toggle navigation

  • SERVICES
      □ CNC Machining Services
      □ Direct Metal Laser Sintering (DMLS)
      □ Fused Deposition Modeling (FDM)
      □ Metal Binder Jetting
      □ PolyJet 3D
      □ Selective Laser Sintering (SLS)
      □ Sheet Metal Fabrication
      □ Urethane Casting
      □ Wire Electrical Discharge Machining (EDM)
  • SOLIDWORKS ADD-IN
  • Partners
  • CONTACT
  • LOG IN
  • GET A QUOTE

 

Data Scientist – Bethesda, MD

Data Scientist

Company Overview

Xometry is a rapidly growing startup that is disrupting the
low-volume manufacturing market with technology that integrates 3D printing
with traditional manufacturing and proprietary software. Our mission is to
provide advanced manufacturing capabilities for all, so that any customer, big
or small, has access to the factory of the future. Our customers include
Fortune 500 companies, government agencies, small businesses, and startups.
Software development plays a critical role in achieving this mission by
optimizing the time and cost to manufacture highly complex parts and reaching
the 13 million CAD users via the web. The management team has a proven track
record of founding startups and taking them to successful exits. Since our
founding in October of 2013, we’ve raised $16 million and are growing rapidly.

Overview of Position

Xometry is seeking a data scientist to build the proprietary software that
powers our analysis engine. This role is key in integrating internet technology
with the manufacturing process to give customers digital access to our advanced
prototyping and manufacturing capabilities.

The successful candidate will be a team player, success driven, and have a
positive attitude. As we are a young company, each Xometry employee is expected
to work hard to contribute to the success of the organization, and maintain the
highest standards of conduct when acting in any capacity related to their
employment with Xometry. We offer competitive pay based on experience, as well
as a comprehensive benefits package.

Qualifications

  • Bachelors degree in Applied Math, Computer Science or a similar technical
    field, M.S / PhD a plus
  • 2+ years experience performing data analysis that drives business decisions
  • Fluency in Python
  • Proficiency in linear algebra, statistics, numpy, and scipy
  • Experience with distributed, high performance computing, and code
    optimization
  • Knowledge of machine learning, optimization, and fitting techniques
  • Eagerness to gain proficiency in the new machine learning techniques
  • Deep understanding of error analysis
  • Familiarity with RESTful APIs
  • A portfolio demonstrating clean and compliant code
  • Attention to detail a must
  • Familiarity with debugging and automated unit/regression testing
  • Familiarity with versioning systems such as Git
  • Familiarity with agile software development methodologies a plus

This position is full-time in our Bethesda, MD office. Please send your resume
to careers@xometry.com.

Company

  • About Us
  • Xometry Team
  • Board of Directors
  • Customer Testimonials
  • Careers
  • Office Locations
  • Blog
  • Press
  • F.A.Q.

Services

  • CNC Machining Services
  • Direct Metal Laser Sintering (DMLS)
  • Fused Deposition Modeling (FDM)
  • Metal Binder Jetting
  • PolyJet 3D
  • Selective Laser Sintering (SLS)
  • Sheet Metal Fabrication
  • Urethane Casting
  • Wire Electrical Discharge Machining (EDM)

Legal

  • Terms of Use
  • Privacy Policy

Xometry
      

Xometry
7951 Cessna Avenue
Gaithersburg, MD 20879
240-252-1138

© 2017 Xometry

ITAR Registered

*

NEED HELP? Talk with Our Team Now.

EMAIL US

support@xometry.com

CALL US

240.252.1138

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Check out our FAQ for quick answers to common questions
