Careers at the U

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * rss
  * plus

  * Login
  * Help

Statistical Programmer / Data Analyst

  * Home
  * Search Jobs
  * Benefits
  * Choose Michigan
  * Temporary Employment
  * Career Development

[DILSlidesh]
Apply Now Clicking "Apply Now" opens the link in a new window.

How to Apply

A cover letter is required for consideration for this position and should be
attached as the first page of your resume. The cover letter should address your
specific interest in the position and outline skills and experience that
directly relate to this position.

Job Summary

Working Title: Statistical Programmer/Data Analyst
Market Title: Statistician Intermediate (100926)
 
 
Job Description
We are a small team of data scientists using cutting-edge statistical models
and machine learning algorithms to help the University of Michigan raise money.
We?re looking to hire someone who can help us transform data into action.
Though it would be helpful to know something about statistics and data mining,
this position is primarily focused on gaining insight from messy, real-world
data by writing understandable and reusable code, and by developing interactive
dashboards and web applications. 
 
 
About the Prospect Development & Analytics Team
The Prospect Development & Analytics (PDA) team comprises qualitative and
quantitative analysts who help identify, cultivate, and understand prospects
who are interested in making philanthropic contributions to the University of
Michigan. The Analytics Team is a subset of PDA, primarily focused on using
large quantities of data to inform fundraising strategies. We collaborate
extensively with fundraisers at all of UM?s schools, colleges, and units in
order to promote data-driven best practices university-wide. We attempt to
solve deep and difficult problems, many without easy answers, by investigating
them little-by-little over long periods of time, and sharing the results with
the community. We value open-source software, scalable and repeatable code,
presenting and publishing our findings, and digging for answers rather than
speculating. Besides being immensely interesting and challenging, our work has
the potential to shape fundraising at UM for many years in the future.
 

 

Responsibilities*

A typical work week will include a large amount of programming and algorithm
development (50%); a fair amount of data management, analysis, and
visualization (25%); as well as some outreach, usability testing,
brainstorming, and other tasks (25%).

Required Qualifications*


* The desire and ability to do serious data munging and data wrangling is
essential. At minimum, we expect demonstrated experience with SQL plus
knowledge of another data preparation language (preferably R and/or Python).
Must be able to use these tools to merge large datasets, locate and clean messy
records, recode missing values, convert between data formats, and construct
standardized datasets for wider use.


* Because we believe in reusable, self-service analytics, the candidate should
be prepared to develop interactive online tools to acquire and deliver data
from/to our clients. We use the JavaScript MEAN stack (Mongo, Express, Angular,
Node) but will look for those with a demonstrated ability to put data to work
online.


* We need the persistence, curiosity, and teamwork skills to collaborate with
technical and non-technical peers and to tackle challenging questions head-on.
Candidates should be capable of directing their own work and asking (and later
answering) questions that lead to effective utilization of our data and the
philanthropic behaviors it represents.


*The candidate should be passionate about data and algorithms and should have a
nose for finding new and innovative ways to collect, analyze, and visualize
data in easy to consume formats. Demands change rapidly, so those who
understand the importance of reproducible research and the value of detailed
documentation are greatly preferred.


 

Desired Qualifications*


* We don?t require a specific background, but we look for the types of skills
gained with training in computer science, information science, or applied
mathematics. Advanced degrees (or similar self-directed research experience)
are a plus.


* Experience with, exposure to, or interest in learning machine learning and
data mining concepts such as regression analysis, network / graph analysis,
text mining, market basket analysis, decision trees, association rules,
geographic analysis is important.


* Experience with version control tools like Git is strongly preferred.


* Our work involves using data to tell stories. Therefore, the ability or
interest in creating data visualizations in Tableau, ggplot, or similar will be
helpful.


 


 


 

Additional Information

For additional information about this position and to review other current
openings in Development, please visit our website at: www.giving.umich.edu/
careers

Mission Statement

The Office of University Development maximizes private support for the
University of Michigan through high-quality collaboration with the development
programs of schools, colleges, and units. We also provide fundraising
leadership through the stimulation and facilitation of healthy, productive and
life-long relationships with our colleagues, alumni, friends, foundations and
corporations.

Application Deadline

Although the Posting End Date may indicate otherwise, this job may be filled
and closed anytime after a posting duration of seven calendar days.

U-M EEO/AA Statement

The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

Job Detail

  * Job Opening ID

    136071
  * Working Title

    Statistical Programmer / Data Analyst
  * Job Title

    Statistician Intermediate
  * Work Location

    Ann Arbor Campus
    Ann Arbor, MI
  * Full/Part Time

    Full-Time
  * Regular/Temporary

    Regular
  * FLSA Status

    Exempt
  * Organizational Group

    Vp For Development
  * Department

    Dev Svcs & Strategic Solutions
  * Posting Begin/End Date

    1/06/2017 ? 1/27/2017
  * Salary

    $57,000.00 ? $60,000.00
  * Career Interests

    Development / Institutional Advancement
    Information Technology
    Research

Apply Now
University of Michigan
Contact

  * Non-discrimination Statement
  * Accessibility
  * Security & Safety Annual Report
  * Labor Law Notices

? 2017 The Regents of the University of Michigan
