This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > Springfield, VA
  • > Engineering
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist/Deep Learning Engineer, Senior - 01221587
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist/Deep Learning Engineer, Senior

Key Role:

Perform as a deep learning research engineer and apply advanced machine
learning algorithms to a variety of classification and optimization problems.
Apply knowledge and expertise in deep learning technologies to develop new and
support existing software prototypes and analytic models. Research, design,
develop, and modify computer vision and machine learning algorithms and models,
leveraging experience with technologies, including Caffe, Torch, or Tensorflow.

Basic Qualifications:

-12+ years of experience with developing software in high

-level languages, including C++, Python, Java, Scala, or Lua

-3+ years of experience with developing software for Linux

-2+ years of experience with deep learning frameworks, including Caffe, Torch,
or Tensorflow

-Experience with object

-oriented design principles

-TS/SCI clearance

-BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with applying several convolutional neural network algorithms,
including R

-CNN, LSTM, SSD, or RBM

-Experience with Docker

-Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment

-Experience with developing analytics for geospatial and commercial imagery
data

-Experience with developing solutions and integrating and extending Free and
Open-source Software (FOSS) or COTS products

-MS degree in CS, Mathematics, or Physics or 3+ years of experience in a
related field in lieu of an MS degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-Deep-Learning-Engineer-Senior-01221587/
J3H2TX6HM9GX80LM033/ Data Scientist/Deep Learning Engineer, Senior - 01221587

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: Springfield, VA
  • Job Type: Engineering
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  • Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
