This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  * Home
  * What We Do
  * Who We Serve
  * About Us
  * Featured Careers
      + Cleared Professionals
      + Commercial Careers
      + Consulting Careers
      + Corporate Professionals
      + Cyber Careers
      + Data Science & Analytics Careers
      + Digital & Cloud Careers
      + Engineering Careers
      + Graduating Students and Internships
      + Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      + Southeast Asia Careers
      + Strategic Innovations Careers
      + Transitioning Military
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > Booz Allen Hamilton
  * > United States
  * > McLean, VA
  * > Science
  * > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist, Senior - 01223079
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist, Senior

Key Role:

Serve as a data analytics or data scientist subject matter expert in
collecting, analyzing, and interpreting qualitative and quantitative data from
multiple sources for the purposes of documenting results and analyzing findings
to provide service improvement recommendations. Operate in a Fast-paced work
environment, Multi-task, and be comfortable with truncated delivery deadlines
and open

-ended questions. Assist with data ingestion, data warehouse architecture,
tuning, the development of Structured Query Language (SQL) queries, and
performing data conversion in support of automated data ingestion and analysis.
Create custom analytic and data mining algorithms to help extract knowledge and
meaning from vast stores of data. Refine a data processing pipeline focused on
structured, unstructured, and semi

-structured data refinement. Support quick turn and rapid implementations and
larger scale and longer duration analytic capability implementations. Use
various data business intelligence tools, including TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau,
and Microsoft Power BI to assist with data visualization and analysis in
support of stakeholders.

Basic Qualifications:

-3+ years of experience with data analytics, data visualization, and reporting
using various business intelligence tools, including TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau,
Microsoft Power BI, or similar

-Experience with complex data processing pipelines, including Extract Transform
Load (ETL) and data ingestion dealing with unstructured and semi

-structured data sets

-Experience with data warehouse architectures

-Experience with Microsoft SQL server data tools, Microsoft Business
Intelligence Developer Studio, or similar

-Experience with troubleshooting and developing using PowerShell

-Experience with MariaDB, MySQL, or Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services
(SSAS) and Integration Services (SSIS) for automating data ingestions from
EXCEL, SQL, CSV file, Web

-service, and AWS data sources

-Knowledge of data ingest and database architecture, including the design and
composition of database tables, columns, data types, and database layouts, such
as data warehouse concepts, design and data integration workflows, and NoSQL
database architecture

-TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph

-BA or BS degree in CS

-Security+ Certification or ability to obtain within 30 days of hire

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with using R, TERR, or Python preferred

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance with polygraph is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-Senior-01223079/J3H6Z46077VTCR539FT/ Data
Scientist, Senior - 01223079

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: McLean, VA
  * Job Type: Science
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Scientist Jobs
  * Computer Scientist Jobs
  * Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia
  * Scientist Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  * Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  * Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
