The Climate Corporation Careers

Data Scientist

Data Analytics San Francisco, California

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apply

Description

Position Overview:
The Climate Corporation?s mission is to help the world?s farmers sustainably
increase their productivity with digital tools. The Data and Analytics team is
focused on creating competitive advantage for The Climate Corporation and our
customers through novel data infrastructure, metrics, insights, and data
services. We are a small but rapidly growing data science and engineering team
that builds and leverages state-of-the-art analytics systems. Our work informs
decisions and direction for our business, while also impacting our products.
Data Scientists at The Climate Corporation build predictive and prescriptive
models to deliver insights to farmers. In order to take advantage of increasing
amounts of agricultural and environmental data, we are hiring new data
scientists to drive the research and development of scalable machine learning
models. In this role, your work will broadly influence the company's data and
products.


What You Will Do:

  * Innovate by developing new models to help answer open research questions
    within the company
  * Build tools for data scientists to use, expedite, and improve the quality
    of their research
  * Partner with researchers and product managers in the R&D organization to
    build scalable models that support our suite of decision support services
  * Help to assess new technologies for data scientists at The Climate
    Corporation<span

 
Basic Qualifications:

  * M.A. or M.Sc. in machine learning, electrical engineering, operation
    research, statistics, applied mathematics, or an equivalent technical field
  * Minimum two years of experience in applying statistical/machine learning
    solutions on a scalable platform to real-world applications
  * Experience working with engineers to deploy large scale models into
    production environments


 Preferred Qualifications:

  * Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R (including tidyr,
    dplyr, sparklyr, SparkR),  Python (including the PyData stack, and
    PySpark), and Scala
  * Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig
  * Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase
  * Experience working with Engineering and Product organizations using an
    Agile development process


What We Offer:
Our team is composed of top scientists and engineers. The environment is
extremely engaging and fast-paced, with a diverse set of top agronomists,
statisticians and engineers working together to provide the best possible
products and experiences for our customers.

We provide competitive salaries, excellent medical benefits, and some of the
best perks in the industry, including:

  * Superb medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
  * We provide lunch and a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you
    through the day
  * Encouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and
    farmers to see first-hand how our products are being used
  * Unique opportunity to make a real world impact - we are solving problems
    that have a massive impact on farmers? lives and food security
  * We offer various learning & development workshops to aid in your continued
    career growth
  * Award winning offices with smart designs, large common areas and open floor
    plans that fuel collaboration
  * We strive for the highest quality in everything we do. From the precision
    of our agronomic models and the performance of our in-house databases, to
    the food we serve for lunch everyday; we are constantly refining and
    improving.
  * We let you explore personally compelling topics by occasionally taking time
    to work on independent projects
  * We regularly host meet-up groups and tech-talks and encourage participation
    in relevant workshops and conferences



About Us:
The Climate Corporation, a subsidiary of Monsanto Company, aims to help all the
world's farmers sustainably increase their productivity through the use of
digital tools. The integrated Climate FieldView? digital agriculture platform
provides farmers with a comprehensive, connected suite of digital tools.
Bringing together seamless field data collection, advanced agronomic modeling
and local weather monitoring into simple mobile and web software solutions,
Climate FieldView? Prime, Climate FieldView? Plus and Climate FieldView? Pro
give farmers a deeper understanding of their fields so they can make more
informed operating decisions to optimize yields, maximize efficiency and reduce
risk. For more information, please visit www.climate.com or follow the company
on Twitter@climatecorp.

#LI-PP1

Apply Apply Later
? Back to Current Openings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Powered by Jobvite

