This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  * Home
  * What We Do
  * Who We Serve
  * About Us
  * Featured Careers
      + Cleared Professionals
      + Commercial Careers
      + Consulting Careers
      + Corporate Professionals
      + Cyber Careers
      + Data Science & Analytics Careers
      + Digital & Cloud Careers
      + Engineering Careers
      + Graduating Students and Internships
      + Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      + Southeast Asia Careers
      + Strategic Innovations Careers
      + Transitioning Military
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > Booz Allen Hamilton
  * > United States
  * > Alexandria, VA
  * > Science
  * > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist, Junior - 01223280
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist, Junior

Key Role:

Perform as a data scientist with a focus on computer science to apply knowledge
and expertise with distributed scalable Big Data store, including Accumulo,
Cloudbase, HBase, or Bigtable and expertise with the MapReduce programming
model. Leverage expertise in requirements analysis, installation, integration,
evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and diagnosis or resolution. Use
statistical methods and leverage knowledge of large data sets to characterize
uncertainty through statistical methods. Leverage knowledge of large data set
analysis and the ability to perform research and ensure study results are
properly interpreted and documented.

Basic Qualifications:

-1+ years of experience with developing software in Java, C, C++, or other high
level languages

-Experience with developing software for UNIX or Linux, including Red Hat,
CentOS, or Ubuntu

-Experience with software integration or testing, including analyzing and
implementing test plans and scripts

-Experience with the design and development of object oriented system

-Experience with developing solutions, integrating, extending, and contributing
to Open-source software

-Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab

-TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph

-BS degree in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, or Mathematics

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment

-Experience with designing and developing automated analytic software,
techniques, and algorithms

-Experience with MapReduce programming

-Experience with the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) and with JSON or
BSON

-Experience with distributed scalable Big Data store or NoSQL, including
Accumulo, Cloudbase, HBase, or Bigtable

-Experience with Apache Spark or Apache Storm

-Experience with Apache Kafka

-Hadoop Certified Developer

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance with polygraph is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-Junior-01223280/J3J0XG6T04SM8F9GQ27/ Data
Scientist, Junior - 01223280

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Alexandria, VA
  * Job Type: Science
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Scientist Jobs
  * Computer Scientist Jobs
  * Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  * Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  * Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  * Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
