[tuftandnee]

Data Scientist

Various
Digital Product
Full-time
Apply for this job

The job of the insights team is to ensure that the company operates with the
highest levels of intellectual honesty. At Tuft & Needle, we believe that data
can be one of the most powerful tools in resolving conflicts. As a young
company in a newly emerging space, there almost feels like there an infinite
number of unanswered questions.

While most of the mattress industry operates in a retail/wholesale model, we
are vertically integrated. So much so that we can tie our customer satisfaction
scores and NPS back the raw material manufacturers that were used to supply a
customer's product. We could even A/B test small variations in our physical
product to ensure that new product innovations would improve our customers'
experience.

Our entire e-commerce platform and admin tools were built in house by our
cofounders and software engineering team. This means that we have a treasure
trove of data since the earliest days of the company's existence. We've hand
selected a limited number of third party platforms with APIs to ensure we have
unfettered access to our data.

The team has basic reporting in place but there is incredible opportunity to
expand beyond that. Not just in improving the management reporting, but
beginning to derive key insights to change the course of our business.

You have the opportunity to be one of Tuft & Needle?s founding data science
team members.

What you'll do:

      + Train the business to access and create management reporting. We
        believe that creating (the right) metrics are the easiest way to
        increase autonomy and reduce management overhead.
      + Assist the digital product team in the design of A/B tests to improve
        our website.
      + Apply data analysis, predictive models and machine learning that can
        significantly impact the economic of the business.
      + Present insights to the various teams of the company. Partner with
        those teams to adjust and design their strategies using such data.
      + Determine which platform (if any) is needed to facilitate a culture of
        intellectual honesty and data-driven decision making.

Qualifications:

      + Passion to learn what drives our customer's behaviors
      + 2+ years experience in a role of similar nature
      + Competency in SQL, R and/or Python
      + Experience working in a company culture that values intellectual
        honesty and intellectual curiosity. 
      + Expertise in working with large data sets
      + Strong understanding of database architecture, statistics, regression
        analysis, scientific experimentation, etc.
      + An ability to teach others
      + Ability to analyze and understand business data. Furthermore,
        comfortable presenting actionable insights through data visualization
        and clear strategies that the business can act on.
      + A great attitude and patience in helping others understand what might
        be obvious to you, but possibly foreign to them

Time & Benefits:

      + Full time, 40 hours a week
      + Free mattress (discounts for friends and family)
      + Health benefits
      + 401k with company match
      + Employee stock options
      + Extremely generous vacation policy
      + Monthly company events
      + Dress Code: It?s casual Friday every day (shorts and t-shirt friendly)
      + Snacks and drinks stocked in the fridge

Tuft & Needle is a Phoenix-based startup founded in 2012 that is redefining the
mattress industry. We design a simple, universally comfortable mattress that is
the #1 rated furniture product on Amazon. Tuft & Needle is joining the vertical
ecommerce revolution with the likes of Bonobos and Warby Parker by selling high
quality mattresses directly to consumers over the internet.

Made in the USA, our mattress ships right to your door in a surprisingly small
box. No gimmicks, no sales tactics, 100 night trial and easy returns. Tuft &
Needle was featured in Fortune, Fox Business and Dwell Magazine to name a few.
Tuft & Needle is growing quickly with many opportunities. We've only begun to
scratch the surface of what's possible.

Apply for this job

Tuft & Needle Home Page

Jobs powered by [lever-logo]
