Skip Navigation

  * Citigroup.com
  * Alumni
  * Language
      + English
      + ????????
      + ????????
      + Espa?ol
      + Francais du Canada
      + ??????
      + Magyar
      + Polski
      + Portugu?s
      + ???????

citi text logo with arcing red top
open main navigation menu

  * Search & Apply
  * Working Here
  * University Programs
  * Resources

abstract light pattern

YOUR JOURNEY WITH CITI BEGINS HERE

Advanced Search

Search Jobs

[                    ]

Category 
[Select                                                                        ]

World Region [Select                         ]

Country [Select                  ]

State/Province [Select                       ]

City [Select                              ]

Search Jobs

Match Your Skills

Let us search jobs for you based on the skills and experience listed in your
LinkedIn? Profile.

Start Matching

Career Opportunity

Apply Now

Quantitative Analyst-Counterparty Risk Analytics

  * Primary Location: United States,Florida,Tampa
  * Education: Master's Degree
  * Job Function: Risk Management
  * Schedule: Full-time
  * Shift: Day Job
  * Employee Status: Regular
  * Travel Time: Yes, 10 % of the Time
  * Job ID: 16081675


Description


About Citi: Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million
customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and
jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and
institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including
consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities
brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Our core activities are
safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital
markets on behalf of our clients.

Citi?s Mission and Value Propositionexplains what we do and Citi Leadership
Standards explain how we do it. Our mission is to serve as a trusted partner to
our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and
economic progress. We strive to earn and maintain our clients? and the public?s
trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards and making a
positive impact on the communities we serve. Our Leadership Standards is a
common set of skills and expected behaviors that illustrate how our employees
should work every day to be successful and strengthens our ability to execute
against our strategic priorities.

Diversity is a key business imperative and a source of strength at Citi. We
serve clients from every walk of life, every background and every origin. Our
goal is to have our workforce reflect this same diversity at all levels. Citi
has made it a priority to foster a culture where the best people want to work,
where individuals are promoted based on merit, where we value and demand
respect for others and where opportunities to develop are widely available to
all.

Key responsibilities include:

  * Research and develop Linux/C++ based counterparty credit exposure
    simulation and pricing models for OTC derivatives, covering all major asset
    types (EQ, IR/FX, Credit, Commodity)
  * Perform rigorous model testing for all production models, including
    backtesting, stress testing, and other testing involved in the model
    development process
  * Analyze and provide comprehensive explanation of testing results to model
    reviewers including model validation, risk managers, and senior management
  * Perform statistical analysis on large volume of financial data, such as
    historical data analysis and simulation model parameter calibration
  * Support trading book credit risk management; Calculate portfolio level
    counterparty exposure such as EPE, EAD, CVA, used for both internal risk
    management and regulatory capital calculation



Qualifications


  * PhD degree in a quantitative field. Exceptional candidates with Master?s
    degrees will also be considered
  * Solid programming skills in C++ and scripting language (e.g., python, Perl)
  * Strong knowledge of derivatives modeling, stochastic calculus, and
    statistics
  * Great communications skills in both verbal and written.


Apply Now

Connect with us

  * Connect with us on Facebook
  * Connect with us on Twitter
  * Connect with us on YouTube
  * Connect with us on LinkedIn
  * Connect with us on Glassdoor

  * Terms of use
  * Careers at Citi Privacy Policy
  * Additional Terms
  * ACCESSIBILITY
  * Sitemap

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender
Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi?) invites all qualified interested
applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a
disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or
apply for a career opportunity, please contact us.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster, click here. To view the EEO is the Law
Supplement, click here.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting, click here.

Follow us:

  * Follow us on RSS
  * Follow us on Facebook
  * Follow us on Twitter
  * Follow us on YouTube
  * Follow us on LinkedIn
  * Follow us on Google+
  * Follow us on Instagram

? 2017 Citigroup Inc.

Quantcast
