 Currently logged in as [sign out]

Session Expiration Warning

You've been inactive for a while. For your security, we'll log you out
automatically. Click "Stay Online" to continue your session.

Your session will expire in 120 seconds.

Stay Online Logout
[<< Back to Search] [Submit]
Southwest Research Institute Logo
? Help

Job Posting Search Results

Showing results on a single job code: 15-01207

RESEARCH SCIENTIST - HELIOPHYSICS - BOULDER, COLORADO

15-01207
Email a friend Printer friendly

Job Summary:

Carry out solar and heliophysics research projects within the group context:
both independent and collaborative with the existing research group; carry out
independent and collaborative basic solar research; seek and acquire funding
for individual and collective research projects; publish results in refereed
journals; represent SwRI at scientific conferences and meetings. Interests of
the heliophysics group include solar and heliospheric remote sensing, solar
magnetism and plasma interactions, solar coronal structure and heating, space
weather science, solar wind physics, computational physics, and
instrumentation. Researches with existing funded projects and a career emphasis
on data analysis of image data products and/or solar interior or coronal
modeling are particularly encouraged to apply.

Education/Experience:

Requires a PhD degree in Applied Physics, Astronomy, Astrophysics, Physics, or
related field with at least a 3.0 GPA and 2 years post PhD research experience.
Must demonstrate ability to plan, propose, and fund research projects through
public grant programs; must be familiar with solar image data products
including magnetograms, EUV coronal imagery, and spectral images; must be
familiar with IDL, PDL, Python, or similar data analysis environment; must have
existing publication record in refereed scientific journals; must be familiar
with the NASA and/or NSF proposal writing process; must have demonstrated
experience in funding independent research projects as well as some mission
data analysis experience. Desired skills include a familiarity with current
NASA and independent space missions for solar imaging; facility with data and
image processing; experience with SolarSoft or similar data analysis packages
in IDL, PDL, or Python; experience publishing scientific research papers that
build on existing available data sets; and demonstrated ability at solar/
heliospheric feature analysis and/or computer vision techniques. A valid/clear
driver's license is required.

This position requires passing the test.

Special Considerations:

Work assignment is in Boulder, Colorado. This is a 2 year limited term
assignment.

Job Locations: Boulder, Colorado

Military Friendly Icon Military Friendly: Your military experience may apply to
this position

For more information about this division, visit the <a href="http://
www.swri.org/4org/d15/d15home.htm" target="_blank">Space Science & Engineering
</a> home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/
Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace

[ ]                       Job Title                       Applied On Job Code

[*] RESEARCH SCIENTIST - HELIOPHYSICS - BOULDER, COLORADO            15-01207

[Save Search as Automated Job Alert] [Refine your search] [Apply]
 


If you need assistance, please Contact Us

Back To Top

To save a new automated job alert - you must be logged into your profile. Click
'Login' to either save this job alert by logging in, or registering a new
profile.

