  • Products+
      □ Service Management+
          ☆ Facilities
          ☆ Field Service
          ☆ Finance
          ☆ HR
          ☆ IT
          ☆ Legal
          ☆ Marketing
          ☆ Security
          ☆ Shared Services
      □ IT Operations Management
      □ Business Management
      □ Application Development
      □ Enterprise Cloud
      □ Platform
      □ ServiceNow Store
      □ View All Products
      □ View All Resources
  • Solutions+
      □ I Need To...+
          ☆ Modernize IT Service Management
          ☆ Eliminate Service Outages
          ☆ Drive Customer Loyalty Up
          ☆ Resolve Real Security Threats Fast
          ☆ Build Business Applications at Lightspeed
          ☆ Consumerize the Employee Service Experience
      □ Industry Solutions+
          ☆ Financial Services
          ☆ Healthcare
          ☆ Higher Education
          ☆ Life Sciences
          ☆ Public Sector
      □ Solutions by Role+
          ☆ Development
          ☆ Executive Leadership
          ☆ Facilities
          ☆ Field Service
          ☆ Finance
          ☆ HR
          ☆ IT
          ☆ Marketing
          ☆ Project Management
      □ ServiceNow Store
      □ View All Solutions
      □ View All Resources
  • Services+
      □ StartNow Methodology
      □ Implementation Services
      □ Optimization Services
      □ Best Practices
      □ Production Readiness Services
      □ Training and Certification
      □ View All
  • Customers
  • Partners+
      □ ServiceNow Partner Programs
      □ Become a Partner
      □ Find a Partner
      □ ServiceNow Partner Portal Login
      □ ServiceNow Store
      □ Certified Integrations
  • Support+
      □ ServiceNow Support
      □ Product Documentation
      □ Fuji and Earlier
      □ Support for Express
      □ Support Portal
  • Company+
      □ Our Company
      □ Media
      □ Events
      □ Careers
  • Community+
      □ ServiceNow Community
      □ Express Forum
      □ ServiceNow Store
      □ Developers

  • French German Japanese

[                    ] []
 

  • Products
     
    Service Management
    Improve workflow efficiency across departments.
    Customer Service
    Facilities
    Field Service
    Finance
    HR
    IT
    Legal
    Marketing
    Security
    Shared Services
     
    IT Operations Management
    Prevent service outages and maximize operational agility.
     
    IT Business Management
    Financial and portfolio management to focus IT resources on strategic
    business goals.
     
    Application Development
    Rapidly build and deploy cloud-native apps.
     
    The Enterprise Cloud
    Learn more about ServiceNow’s radical re-design of traditional cloud
    architecture.
     
    Platform
    Modernize and automate with application experiences users love.
     
    ServiceNow Store
    The source for certified, ready-to-deploy apps for every department in the
    enterprise.
    View All Products|View All Resources
  • Solutions
    I Need to...
    Modernize IT Service Management
    Eliminate Service Outages
    Drive Customer Loyalty Up
    Resolve Real Security Threats Fast
    Build Business Applications at Lightspeed
    Consumerize the Employee Service Experience
    Solutions By Role
    Development
    Executive Leadership
    Facilities
    Field Service
    Finance
    HR
    IT
    Marketing
    Project Management
    Industry Solutions
    Financial Services
    Healthcare
    Higher Education
    Life Sciences
    Public Sector
     
    ServiceNow Store
    The source for certified, ready-to-deploy apps for every department in the
    enterprise.
    View All Solutions|View All Resources
  • Services
     
    StartNow Methodology
    Proven methodology ensures customers are positioned for success.
     
    Implementation Services
    Experienced implementation leadership and expertise.
     
    Optimization Services
    Drive maximum business value.
     
    Best Practices
    Accelerate adoption and time-to-value.
     
    Production Readiness Services
    Ensure upgradability, manageability and scalability.
     
    Training and Certification
    Drive results across the business with expert instruction.
    View All Services
  • Customers
    Success with ServiceNow
    Customer Success
    Enterprises around the world turn to ServiceNow to transform the way work
    gets done. See how our customers are managing services across the
    enterprise.
  • Partners
    ServiceNow Partners
    ServiceNow Partner Programs
    Become a Partner
    Find a Partner
    ServiceNow Partner Portal Login
    ServiceNow Store
    Certified Integrations
  • Support
    Welcome to ServiceNow Community
    Support
    Product Documentation
    Fuji and Earlier
    Support for Express
    Support Portal
  • Company
    Our Company
    Board of Directors
    Executive Briefing Center
    Executive Team
    Investor Relations
    ServiceNow Ventures
    Media
    In the News
    Analyst Reports
    Press Releases
    Product Screenshots
    Infographics
    Service Matters Blog
    Events
    Engage with Experts
    Knowledge Conference
    NowForums
    Seminars
    Trade Shows
    User Groups
    Webinars - Live
    Webinars - On Demand
    Careers
    Join ServiceNow
    Students
    Search for Jobs
  • Community
    Join ServiceNow Community
    Communities
    ServiceNow Community
    Express Forum
    ServiceNow Store
    Developers

  • EN
    Languages
    French
    German
    Japanese

Demo Now  

ITSM Data Scientist (10387)

Product Management Santa Clara, California

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply

Description

ITSM Data Scientist
Santa Clara, CA

This position reports to: VP of Product Management

ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward
the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help
the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever
before.  We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too
seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate
about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and
a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. 

We offer a portfolio of products built with a passion to help teams across the
enterprise work more efficiently. This can range from the simple tasks that
crowd your inbox to the more complex project work. We’re looking for a product
manager to join the ITSM Insight team to help us leverage big data to empower
our customers with business decisions. Our team is rapidly reinventing the way
that proprietary data can drive benchmarks and provide product
recommendations. Your job will be to work with the Data Science team who
collaborates with engineers to create data-driven features. We define the
problem we want to solve, build data sets, analyze the data, do the data
science (machine learning, mathematical models), confirm the results, and
consult with the engineers to implement recommended solutions. Rinse. Repeat.

What you get to do in this role:

  • Actively contribute to the multidisciplinary team’s meetings by providing
    insights as to how we should frame the problems we are trying to solve and
    which techniques we should use to solve them.
  • Assist with data collection, cleaning, visualization, model building,
    training, testing, and presentation.
  • Consult with product teams to assist them with implementation of
    recommended data-driven solutions.
  • Keep informed of cutting-edge machine learning/big data methods and
    techniques.

In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:

  • Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering
  • 3+ years of professional Data Science experience
  • Background in ITSM or Service Management preferred
  • Expertise in many of the following:
      □ Data Science & Machine Learning Methodologies
      □ Data Analysis & Programming (SQL, Splunk, Hadoop, Spark, Java)
      □ Statistical/Mathematical Programming (MATLAB, R, Scala, Python +
        Pandas)
      □ Statistics and Mathematical Modelling
      □ Data Visualization
  • Ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment
  • Highly effective communication and collaboration skills

We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional
atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where
individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow
their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced
technology and talented developers in the business.

 

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without
regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran
status, or on the basis of disability.

Apply Apply Later
← Back to Current Openings
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Powered by Jobvite

  • Contact Us
  • Careers
  • Terms of Use
  • Privacy Statement
  • Cookie Policy
  • ©2016 ServiceNow. All rights reserved

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

