Skip to main content

  • About
  • Careers
  • Home
  • Games
  • News

Data Scientist

Data Scientist

Los Angeles, USA

Apply
Print 

Riot Games was established in 2006 by entrepreneurial gamers who believe that
player-focused game development can result in great games. In 2009, Riot
released its debut title League of Legends to critical and player acclaim. As
the most played PC game in the world, over 100 million play every month.
Players form the foundation of our community and it’s for them that we continue
to evolve and improve the League of Legends experience. 

We’re looking for humble but ambitious, razor-sharp professionals who can teach
us a thing or two. We promise to return the favor. Like us, you take play
seriously; you’re passionate about games. We embrace those who see things
differently, aren’t afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for
constraints.

That’s where you come in.

As Data Scientist, you'll wrestle petabytes of data to the ground and force
them to tell interesting – and true! – stories about our game and the players.
You'll bring fresh perspective to inform decision-making toward better player
experience by translating player voice into insights using your top-notch
modeling and analytic skills. You'll develop advanced machine learning and
statistical models to solve problems and help deliver awesome player
experience.

You are:

  • Educated: though you've earned a BS or the equivalent in Computer Science
    or an applied quantitative field and likely added an MS or PhD in the same
    field to keep your BS company, you're more ninja than rockstar, preferring
    precision strikes to chest-thumping grandstanding; you have broad knowledge
    of applied mathematics, statistical methods, and algorithms
  • Experienced: you've earned badges in data mining, data-intensive
    application development, databases, object-oriented design, machine
    learning algorithms, and statistics software (preferably R, SPlus or
    MatLab); you've also aced one or more of: information retrieval, knowledge
    representation, computational linguistics, natural language processing,
    machine learning, or text mining – maybe earning a byline or two
  • Data-driven: you're an expert in SQL and RDBMS concepts and you have a firm
    grasp of the Hadoop/Map Reduce ecosystem (Hadoop, HIVE, Pig, Mahout)
  • Up to code: you bring experience in programming with JAVA, Python, and
    Perl; you've probably worked with C++, Java, and MySQL or R applied to
    large data sets
  • Innovative and analytical: you're a skilled lateral thinker, pulling
    insight from data and free-associating yourself into unique perspectives on
    problems that stump lesser innovators
  • A problem assassin: you conduct problem reconnaissance and termination with
    the skill and ruthlessness of Bond, but in an elegant, scalable manner; you
    easily identify and troubleshoot problems, quickly resolving issues
  • Player-focused: as a gamer yourself, you know the importance of listening
    to player needs, especially the implicit needs that can only be uncovered
    by analyzing and understanding player data

You will:

  • Analyze petabytes of player data, developing and testing data-fueled
    hypotheses, extracting useful information and turning it into helpful
    insight that can help us improve players' experiences
  • Identify and map new sources of data and build bridges between these data
    islands, bringing fresh perspective and new dimensions of analysis to bear
    on the challenge of identifying what we could do better
  • Work closely with other Big Data team members to identify, design, and
    build datasets
  • Develop resource requirements, tools, and libraries that will help the Big
    Data team more efficiently plumb the dark depths of our very deep, very
    rich data stores
  • Develop algorithms and predictive models to solve critical Riot Games
    problems and validate data models to ensure proper behavior
  • Prototype new ways to visualize and understand data relationships

Don’t forget to include a resume and cover letter. We receive a lot of
applications, but we’ll notice a fun, well-written intro that shows us you take
play seriously.

Loading...
Print 
All Jobs
[RGSquare][RGSquare]Riot Games joins forces with BAMTech
[IncArticle][IncArticle]Inc. names Riot 2016 Company of the Year
[30566981331_f38a13171c_h][30566981331_f38a13171c_h]Worlds 2016: By The Numbers
[RIC][RIC]The Impact Challenge Livestream

Company

  • Manifesto
  • News
  • Legal jibber jabber
  • Security
  • Contact infos
  • Awards

Careers

  • Riot with us
  • Search open jobs
  • Internship infos

Games

  • League of Legends

Read About Riot Games In:

  • English
  • Brazilian Portuguese
  • Spanish
  • Simplified Chinese
  • Korean
  • Japanese
  • Russian
  • Traditional Chinese
  • Turkish

Follow Us:

  • Twitter
  • Facebook
  • Linked In
  • YouTube
  • RSS
  • Glassdoor

©2015 Riot Games, Inc. All rights reserved. League of Legends and Riot Games
are trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc.

