MicroStrategy

Senior Consultant (Big Data)

  • Philadelphia, PA
  • Full-time

Company Description

Leading Products – Innovative Ideas – Exceptional People ….MicroStrategy, A
Dynamic Place to Work! 

At MicroStrategy, we are passionate about creating powerful, disruptive
technologies that transform how companies do business.  Innovative products and
ultimately our success are rooted in one driving force—our people.  Our casual
and flexible environment encourages creativity and collaboration, so you’ll
have the opportunity to initiate and contribute to challenging projects, while
pursuing your interests and developing, both professionally and personally.  
Bring us your passion, curiosity, and fresh ideas, and be a part of technology
innovation at its best! 

Job Description

The Role:  MicroStrategy Consultants empower customers to make more informed
decisions by providing timely, relevant, and accurate answers to their business
questions.  To achieve this mission, Consultants work to understand business
needs and technical requirements, and design and implement high value solutions
in the MicroStrategy platform.  MicroStrategy Consultants are an integral part
of the world&apos;s largest staff of MicroStrategy Certified Engineers and
leverage knowledge and best practices across our global team for customer
success.  MicroStrategy Professional Services&apos; Career Path provides growth
opportunities at all levels within the organization.   Senior Consultants
demonstrate well-developed technical and business leadership, developing
trusted customer relationships and providing technical oversight to large
project teams.  Senior Consultants leverage their deep experience and highly
effective communication skills to provide critical and constructive guidance to
customers, steering them towards a long term vision for success.

Your Focus:

  • Delivers billable consulting services. Efforts may be directed toward
    various MicroStrategy and / or supporting products and services 
  • Develop predictive models to support operational data science driven
    decision making in Financial/Retail Industries using MicroStrategy Products
  • Ensures a solid understanding of business objectives associated with
    projects and/or programs to which he or she is assigned 
  • Defines a project approach to ensure customer and MicroStrategy account
    success. Provides critical and constructive guidance to customers, steering
    them towards a long term vision for success 
  • Creates technical and / or functional designs to support the customer
    requirement and business objective Scope may include standalone
    applications or more complex interdependent systems 
  • Leads and / or participates in implementation activities 
  • Provides technical oversight for large project teams, including customers
    and partners 
  • May assume selected engagement management responsibilities, with
    supervision 
  • Provides support to the Services management team, helping to scope and
    estimate the engagement 
  • Communicates effectively with team members both internally and with
    customers and partners, including at the executive level 
  • Leverages and extends MicroStrategy best practices for service delivery 
  • Applies methodology effectively in a wide variety of situations, and adapts
    methodology to new situations 
  • Mentors junior colleagues 
  • May be called upon to deliver classroom training for internal audiences 
  • Develops an awareness of the competitive landscape including key
    differentiators and competitive positioning 
  • Effectively demonstrates influence towards positive outcomes, internally
    and externally with customers 
  • Works within an internal sphere of influence typically bounded by project
    or regional activities 
  • Facilitates the team taking ideas from concept through full deployment 
  • Actively participates in internal knowledge-sharing forums

Qualifications

Required Experience and skills:

Motivation, Innovation, Passion, Integrity, Teamwork, Customer-Focus.

You should also bring the following:

  • Bachelors or equivalent degree in a business, technical, or related field 
  • 5+ years of industry, technology and services experience 
  • Commitment to personal and professional growth 
  • Experience designing and implementing MicroStrategy or other business
    intelligence solutions 
  • Experience as a data scientist
  • Experience in developing models using statistical modeling and/or machine
    learning techniques
  • Programming experience (Python, Perl, R, C, C++, Java, SQL)
  • Experience in working with statistical software such as SAS, SPSS, Matlab,
    R, CART, etc.
  • Fluent in SQL and able to read and write complex queries, views and stored
    procedures
  • Experience with big data environments (Hadoop, Kafka, Spark, Cassandra)
  • Demonstrated leadership ability resulting in customer success 
  • Excellent written communication and oral presentation skills 
  • Ability to work effectively independently as well as in a team environment 
  • Staffing to local projects wherever possible, however field consultants can
    expect periods and assignments of up to 75 - 80% travel

Additional Information

MicroStrategy is an equal employment and affirmative action employer F/M/
Disability/Vet.

MicroStrategy is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer
and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with
disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. If you have
any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a
disability, you may contact us about your interest in employment at
703.848.8600.

I'm interested
I'm interestedRefer a friend

share this job

  •  
  •  
  •  
  •  

Powered by 

[105001622]
