Skip Navigation
Citizens Bank Open Menu

  * LIFE AT CITIZENS
  * CAREER PATHS
  * WHY WORK FOR US
  * COLLEGE GRAD PROGRAMS
  * COLLEAGUE STORIES
  * GIVING BACK

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * YouTube

Job opportunities at Citizens Bank Career-minded, community-focused

Alex Branch Manager

Search Our Jobs

Keyword [                    ]

Location [                    ]

Radius [Radius  ]

Search

Note: The application system is not compatible with all operating systems and
devices. We strongly recommend using Google Chrome as your internet browser for
an optimal experience when submitting your application.

Apply >

Career Opportunity

Senior Statistical Modeling Analyst

Location Columbus, Ohio Job ID/ Req. Number170100 Category Marketing Full/Part
Time F Regular/Temporary 1st Shift

Description

The Sr. Statistics Modeling Partner is responsible for independently developing
analytic insights, statistical models, & other technical solutions that
optimize marketing spend, identify new business opportunities, and/or provide
strategic direction to senior management. This position is expected to play a
key role in the development and delivery of models, insights, and data
intelligence that support a variety of business programs ranging from strategic
market analytics to data-driven production applications:

  * Researching growing market trends and mining the Citizens data intelligence
    to develop new insights that can guide the strategic direction of the
    Citizens Bank lines of business
  * Analyzing current programs and developing models/strategies that can lead
    to a more optimal allocation of business resources, for example marketing
    budgets
  * Engineering technology solutions to deliver production-quality data
    intelligence across a wide range of business applications
  * Documenting and communicating technical/analytic results for a
    non-technical audience


Qualifications


  * 6+ years of experience in Analytics/Database marketing
  * Preferably some experience in Financial Services, in particular Consumer
    Banking (loans, deposits, small business banking, etc.)
  * 6+ years of experience in SAS programming
  * Ability to work in a team environment and collaborate with colleagues who
    have a background in statistics, database development/maintenance, and
    information technology
  * Ability to successfully communicate analytic results, business insights,
    and resulting business implications to non-technical business partners
  * Ability to work independently with minimal supervision to deliver technical
    initiatives and projects through to completion, including formal and
    informal technical direction of other intra-team and inter-team project
    contributors
  * Ability to coordinate and successfully interact with multi-disciplinary
    technical and non-technical project teams, successfully interfacing between
    strategic business objectives and logistical technology requirements
  * Strong direct hands-on programming skills and ability to utilize a variety
    of data/analytic software languages/tools (e.g., SQL, SAS, R, Splus, etc.)
  * Deep knowledge of a variety of statistical concepts and procedures such as:
    generalized linear models, machine learning algorithms, experimental
    design, stochastic processes, Markov process modeling, response surface
    methodology, and statistical graphics


Education, Certifications and/or Other Professional Credentials:

  * Degree in Statistics/Mathematics/Computer Science/Similar required
  * Masters or PhD preferred


Key Success Factors

Knowledge, skills & abilities that typically lead to success in the job
include:

Will be included only on templates if we have it 


Hours & Work Schedule

Hours per Week:  40

Work Schedule:  Monday-Friday


Why Work with Us

At Citizens, you?ll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our
customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you
are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training
and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.


Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of Citizens Bank and Citizens Securities, Inc. to provide
equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants
for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender,
pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity
or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information,
citizenship, veteran or military status, marital or domestic partner status, or
any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.


Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action Employer Disabled/Veteran


Citizens Bank is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective
subsidiaries, and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.


Apply >

Note: The application system is not compatible with all operating systems and
devices. We strongly recommend using Google Chrome as your internet browser for
an optimal experience when submitting your application.

  * Awards - Best of the Best 2015
  * Awards - Best of the Best 2015
  * Awards - Best of the Best 2015

Explore Job Location

Share

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * Email

Watch Our Jobs

Sign up here for job alerts and communications from Citizens Bank.

Email Address[                    ]

Interested InSelect a job category from the list of options. Search for a
location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click ?Add? to
create your job alert.

Job Category[Select a Job Category   ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  * Marketing , Columbus, Ohio, United StatesRemove
  * Communications, Columbus, Ohio, United StatesRemove
  * Corporate Careers, Columbus, Ohio, United StatesRemove
  * Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Submit > ]

Colleague Stories

Visit our Colleague Stories to learn more about our career paths, colleagues
and culture.

  * Shopping for a cause, for our communities in need.

    Shopping for a cause, for our communities in need.

    Our colleagues believe in a commitment to helping the communities we serve
    and call home.

    Read More
  * Tips from Senior Recruiter, Jen

    Tips from Senior Recruiter, Jen

    Read tips, insights and advice for prospective job candidates from Senior
    Recruiter, Jen

    Read More
  * Credo Week takes colleague recognition to a whole new level.

    Credo Week takes colleague recognition to a whole new level.

    Our annual Credo Week is a celebration of our hard work and in recognition
    of each colleague?s efforts.

    Read More

Related Opportunities

  * Database Warehouse Developer Dedham, Massachusetts, Columbus, Ohio,
    Cranston, Rhode Island
  * Senior Business Intelligence Manager Dedham, Massachusetts, Columbus, Ohio,
    Cranston, Rhode Island
  * Senior Database Warehouse Developer Dedham, Massachusetts, Columbus, Ohio,
    Cranston, Rhode Island
  * Business Intelligence Partner Dedham, Massachusetts, Columbus, Ohio,
    Cranston, Rhode Island

  * Privacy Statement
  * Site Map

Connect With Us:

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * YouTube

Open Menu

  * LIFE AT CITIZENS
  * CAREER PATHS
  * WHY WORK FOR US
  * COLLEGE GRAD PROGRAMS
  * COLLEAGUE STORIES
  * GIVING BACK

It is the policy of Citizens Bank to provide equal employment and advancement
opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to
race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or
perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military
status, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by
federal, state and/or local laws. Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action
Employer Disabled/Veteran-Citizens Bank is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A.
and each of its respective subsidiaries, and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.
Click here to review "EEO Is The Law" poster. Click here to review the Pay
Transparency Nondiscrimination Statement. For applicant help and accessibility
assistance, click here.

Quantcast
