West Health Careers

Research Analyst

Clinical La Jolla, United States

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apply

Description

ORGANIZATION OVERVIEW

Solely funded by philanthropists Gary and Mary West, our mission is to enable
seniors to successfully age, living life on their own terns with access to
high-quality health and support services that preserve and protect their
dignity, quality of life and independence.

Headquartered in San Diego with an office in Washington, D.C., West Health
includes the Gary and Mary West Health Institute, a nonprofit medical research
organization and the nonprofit, nonpartisan Gary and Mary West Health Policy
Center.  For more information, visit westhealth.org and follow @westhealth.

POSITION SUMMARY

The Research Analyst (RA) is responsible for supporting various research
activities to help advance the mission. Through a combination of medical
research and policy initiatives, collaborations, education and advocacy, West
Health is committed to supporting and creating healthcare delivery models that
improve care and access for our fast-growing, diverse population of seniors.
West Health is focused on acute, long-term and chronic care models for seniors.
These models include home-centered care, long-term services and supports,
integrated oral healthcare, and geriatrics emergency care.  The RA will work
with a multi-disciplinary team of researchers, clinicians, and community-based
service providers to develop, implement, and evaluate care coordination models
for linking clinical and non-clinical services to enable seniors to maintain
their functional independence.  The RA will provide writing (manuscript and
technical reports), proposal development, data analytics, and database
management support in the development of relevant medical research
documentation and publications.  The position is based out of San Diego,
California and may include regular travel (e.g., Orange County, California) as
needed to support research activities.  

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

  * Assist with research efforts and day-to-day project research-related
    activities
  * Conduct detailed literature searches and data analysis
  * Assist in proposal development and developing evaluation plans/strategies
  * Compile information for summary reports
  * Prepare or assist with human subject IRB protocol submissions
  * Plan, implement and maintain data collection in support of specific
    research projects
  * Assist in the implementation and maintenance of data quality control
    processes
  * Apply statistical techniques and methods in the processing and analysis of
    research data
  * Develop research articles for peer reviewed journals and conference
    presentations
  * Develop, manage and archive project files and online databases
  * Travel as needed to support research activities
  * Perform other job-related duties as assigned

 

QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION

  * 3-5 years of prior comparable research experience in relevant field (e.g.,
    Community health, Gerontology, Health sciences, Public health, or other
    Social sciences)
  * Master?s Degree (MPH, MA, MS), preferred
  * Strong written, verbal, statistical analysis and presentation skills
  * Excellent organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects
    concurrently
  * Ability to work independently in a fast-moving environment as part of a
    multi-disciplinary team
  * Ability to interact and communicate effectively with research team,
    research participants, and collaborators
  * Knowledge of community based participatory research and health outcome
    metrics
  * Track record of contributing to peer-reviewed scientific journal articles,
    preferred
  * Experience with process improvement, project management, preferred
  * Desire to make a difference in the lives of seniors

West Health Institute is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not
discriminate against persons on the basis of race, color, religion, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender, marital status, age, disability or
veteran's status.

Apply Apply Later
? Back to Current Openings
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Powered by Jobvite

