📰View All Jobs
☰
Allergan Careers

  • Jobs
  • Help

Settings

Pharmaceutical Technology Specialist III

🔍 Irvine, California, United States

 
📁
    Supply Chain

📅   
    Nov 07, 2016 Post Date

📅   
    152648 Requisition #

Apply for Job
Share this Job
Sign Up for Job Alerts

Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) is a bold, global pharmaceutical company and a leader
in a new industry model – Growth Pharma.  Allergan is focused on developing,
manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceuticals and biologic products
for patients around the world.

Allergan markets a portfolio of best-in-class products that provide novel
treatments for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and
dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology, anti-infective and
cardiovascular therapeutic categories. With commercial operations in
approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians,
healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful
treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives.

Our success is powered by our world-class team’s commitment to being Bold for
Life. Together, we build bridges, power ideas, act fast and drive results for
our customers and patients around the world by always doing what it is right.


Join one of the world’s fastest growing pharmaceutical companies!

At Allergan you will have the opportunity to thrive in a fast-paced, strategic
environment where bold, innovative thinking isn’t just welcomed, it’s
encouraged. Across all functions, we relish the opportunity to help our people
fulfill their potential. Our rapid growth strategy means plenty of
opportunities to step into the spotlight.


Position Description

Allergan is seeking a Senior Professional who will work closely with scientists
in a fast paced Biologics laboratory to develop and validate Cell-Based Potency
Assays (CBPA), HPLC and other analytical methods used for evaluating purity,
identity, content, etc. of marketed biologics products.  S/he will also perform
testing to support manufacturing investigations and stability.  The preferred
candidate will have working knowledge and experience in a variety of other
analytical methods such as CE, UV, SDS‑PAGE, Western Blotting and qPCR. S/he
will be instrumental in setting up, equipping and establishing a new analytical
laboratory. Additional responsibilities for this role include preparation of
cell culture medium, reagents and buffers for CBPA, HPLC and other methods,
plating and feeding of cell cultures, and maintenance of equipment/instruments,
supplies and critical reagent inventories.

The candidate will write method operating procedures and contribute to
development and research reports, validation protocols and validation reports. 
The individual will also generate data for technical reports to support
regulatory filings for new and currently marketed biological products. 
Statistical analysis knowledge and experience is a plus. The successful
candidate must enjoy working in a team environment, and have strong
communication skills to collaborate, influence and accomplish effective
outcomes with multiple functional groups and partners.


Main Areas of Responsibility

·        Perform routine analysis and documents results in laboratory
notebooks, worksheets or technical reports in compliance with company and
regulatory guidelines (e.g. cGMP)

·        Develop, executes and validates methods in support of
biopharmaceutical development and commercial operations. Writes method
operating procedures, transfers methods to QC laboratories and provides method
support as needed.

·        Responsible for acquisition and maintenance of laboratory equipment,
supplies, critical reagents and management of select agent inventory.

·        Comply with all related environmental health and safety requirements

·        Actively participate on cross-functional teams and provides support to
external departments to generate rational solutions to problems. Shares
expertise, instruments and resources within the limitation of established
priorities.

·        Advance the capabilities of the department by maintaining technical
expertise through training and staying informed about new technical
developments and advances

Requirements


Education and Experience

The senior professional must have strong analytical skills, and good working
knowledge of analytical method development and validation. Experience with many
methods routinely performed for release and/or in-process testing of
biopharmaceuticals such as CBPA, HPLC, CE, qPCR, SDS‑PAGE, Western Blotting and
other general methods (UV, pH, Bioburden, etc.) is highly desired. Proficiency
in HPLC and/or CBPA analysis software, as well as Microsoft Excel, Word and
Powerpoint, is required. An understanding of the procedures related to the
production and characterization of biopharmaceuticals in a regulated
environment is expected. A BS degree with 2 plus years of specific experience
or an MS degree with 1 year of analytical work experience is required.


Essential Skills and Abilities

·        Good working knowledge and experience with at least one of the three
key method types (CBPA, HPLC or qPCR) and two or more routine methods (SDS‑PAGE
/Western Blotting, UV, pH, endotoxin, ELISAs, Bioburden).

·        Excellent instrument skills required for HPLC, CBPA, qPCR or ELISAs
and associated computers and detection systems

·        Proficient in use of HPLC or CBPA analysis software

·        Experience with development and validation of methods within a QC
environment

·        Working knowledge of the requirements of working in a GLP or cGMP
environment

·        Excellent writing and communication skills.















*LI-JR1

[                    ]
Previous Job Searches

My Profile

Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.

Go to Profile

My Submissions

Track your opportunities.

My Submissions

Similar Listings

Principal Quality Specialist

 Irvine, California, United States

📁 Supply Chain

Post Date: Sep 08, 2016

Audit Manager –Pharmacovigilance

 Irvine, California, United States

📁 Supply Chain

Post Date: Aug 25, 2016

Corporate Quality Computer Systems Manager

 Irvine, California, United States

📁 Supply Chain

Post Date: Oct 18, 2016

View More Listings

  • Jobs
  • Help
  • Sitemap

© Allergan Careers. All rights reserved.
Allergan Careers
1 0
