The Climate Corporation Careers

Quantitative Researcher: Statistics (Geospatial)

Science San Francisco, California

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply

Description

Position Overview:

The Climate Corporation is looking for a statistician to join the Geospatial
team within our Data Science group. The team consist of statisticians, remote
sensing scientists, machine learning experts, and scientific coders. We work
cooperatively with different research teams to help growers manage and monitor
their fields. To do so we leverage various sources of remote sensing imagery
and field data along with other relevant point, areal, and raster data. We are
looking for researchers with experience in statistical analysis and modeling,
preferably with experience and appetite for working with remote sensing data
and other environmental spatial and space-time data.


What You Will Do:

  • Engage with diverse research groups to understand their models, products
    and data needs
  • Propose solutions to problems and develop the needed methodology
  • Write beautiful, robust, well-documented research code
  • Write clean technical reports and present your findings to a diverse group
    of people
  • Build software services that provide value for growers


Basic Requirements:

  • Either Ph.D. or MS/MA + 2 years of relevant experience in statistics,
    machine learning, biostatistics or a related field
  • Skilled in the use of R or Python for research
  • Experience using spatial data and/or remote sensing data and/or
    environmental/agricultural data


Preferred Requirements:

  • Experience developing methodology for solving complex applied problems
  • Experience with application of statistics to environmental or agricultural
    problems
  • Experience with spark or other Big Data tools is a plus
  • Experience collaborating with software engineering teams
  • Excitement to learn new topics, develop new skills and use new tools
  • Interdisciplinary communication and collaboration skills


What We Offer:

Our team is composed of top scientists and engineers. The environment is
extremely engaging and fast-paced, with a diverse set of top agronomists,
statisticians and engineers working together to provide the best possible
products and experiences for our customers.

We provide competitive salaries, excellent medical benefits, and some of the
best perks in the industry, including:

  • Superb medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
  • We provide lunch and a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you
    through the day
  • Encouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and
    farmers to see first-hand how our products are being used
  • Unique opportunity to make a real world impact - we are solving problems
    that have a massive impact on farmers’ lives and food security
  • We offer various learning & development workshops to aid in your continued
    career growth
  • Award winning offices with smart designs, large common areas and open floor
    plans that fuel collaboration
  • We strive for the highest quality in everything we do. From the precision
    of our agronomic models and the performance of our in-house databases, to
    the food we serve for lunch everyday; we are constantly refining and
    improving.
  • We let you explore personally compelling topics by occasionally taking time
    to work on independent projects
  • We regularly host meet-up groups and tech-talks and encourage participation
    in relevant workshops and conferences


About Us:

The Climate Corporation, a subsidiary of Monsanto Company, aims to help all the
world's farmers sustainably increase their productivity through the use of
digital tools. The integrated Climate FieldView™ digital agriculture platform
provides farmers with a comprehensive, connected suite of digital tools.
Bringing together seamless field data collection, advanced agronomic modeling
and local weather monitoring into simple mobile and web software solutions,
Climate FieldView™ Prime, Climate FieldView™ Plus and Climate FieldView™ Pro
give farmers a deeper understanding of their fields so they can make more
informed operating decisions to optimize yields, maximize efficiency and reduce
risk.  For more information, please visit www.climate.com or follow the company
on Twitter@climatecorp.



#LI-DR1 

Apply Apply Later
← Back to Current Openings
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Powered by Jobvite

