Skip Navigation
Nestle Waters

  * About

      + Our Story
      + Our Commitment
  * Working With Us

      + Be a Part of Something Great
      + Experience Nestl? Waters
      + Benefits
      + Military
      + Students and Graduates
  * Career Areas
  * FAQ
  * Search Jobs

[NestleWate]

Search Jobs

Search Jobs

Keyword [                    ] (E.G. SALES, ROUTE, 16007952)

Location [                    ] [Use Location] (E.G. CALIFORNIA, DALLAS)

Radius [Miles   ]

Search

Data Scientist

Apply Now
Job ID 16008914 Date posted 12/15/2016

Description

As the nation?s leading bottled water company, Nestl? Waters North America is
dedicated to providing customers with healthy hydration options. Alongside
that, we?re also committed to developing our people ? enabling them to make the
most of the many elements that help them to succeed.
Nestl? Waters consists of four business units: Corporate, Retail, Supply Chain
and ReadyRefresh by Nestl?. Whichever one of these areas you choose to join,
you?ll find yourself collaborating with a highly talented team on work that?s
challenging, engaging and incredibly rewarding. You?ll be an essential element
of our success: trusted, empowered and supported to make a lasting impact on
the very future of our business. It?s a chance to use your knowledge, skills
and experience to shine brightly and achieve your ambitions ? all while
delivering healthy hydration to millions of customers.
ReadyRefresh by Nestl?
ReadyRefresh by Nestl? is one of the most visible parts of the Nestl? Waters
business, delivering healthy hydration to customers where they need it most. 
It?s another example of how we are committed to helping people maintain a
healthy lifestyle.  You?ve no doubt seen our trucks on the road, on their way
to bring our water and tea products to thirsty consumers.  Our drivers and unit
leaders are the backbone of the ReadyRefresh team.  By joining this
fast-growing area of our organization you?ll have the opportunity to share in
our mission with a real sense of ownership and the freedom to succeed in your
role. It?s a chance to apply your skills and experience to work that?s as
challenging as it is rewarding.  Whether collaborating as team to deliver
superior customer service or making a lasting impact with your individual
accomplishments, you?ll be an essential and valuable element of our success. 
We?ll make sure you receive the support, benefits and development you need to
build the perfect career.
We are currently seeking a Data Scientist reporting to the Director Data &
Insightsand based in New York City Metro area or Stamford, CT.  This position
will be responsible for leading analysis and insight generation to tackle tough
business problems by performing advanced analytics and building models to
explain current problems or predict new ones.

Qualifications

Key responsibilities for this position include but are not limited to:

  * Partner with Marketing, Operations and Acquisition teams to find new
    insights in ReadyRefresh's data, and build solutions that have a direct
    impact on our customers and your colleagues.
  * Communicate your findings with technical and non-technical audiences to
    figure out how to apply them and uncover more questions.
  * Build analysis and models to enhance how we do business across all
    functions including Pricing, Operations and Marketing. Validate output and
    track benefits throughout the course of the initiative. Train key people to
    execute the analysis for ongoing improvements.
  * Expertise in setting up experiments (A-B Testing etc.) - Shared
    responsibility for creating, maintaining and enhancing the experiments that
    will help validate predictions and initiatives. (Example - price change for
    particular segments. What is the holistic impact of the change and should
    we move forward with it?)
  * Iterate rapidly and get experience on many start-to-finish projects
  * Acquire a deep understanding of the demand drivers at select customers and
    ensure that the models are calibrated as needed

 
Key measurements for this position include but are not limited to:

  * Accuracy of models by tracking predictions vs. actual patterns and making
    appropriate model revisions
  * Utilize and analyze key category, marketing and customer information as
    inputs to the statistical  models
  * Share best practices in order to improve output for the entire team
  * New metrics and KPIs are established

 
Key qualifications for this position include but are not limited to:

  * College degree required: A good academic foundation in math, CS, OR, stats,
    engineering, physics, or similar analytical field. MS preferred.
  * 3+ years related experience preferably in modeling/mining large data sets
    using open source technologies-Programming language (R), Hadoop, Apache
    Spark, etc. Use statistics and machine learning as a tool to solve critical
    business problems
  * Prefer experience in different data mining techniques - associations,
    correlations, evidence, inferences, etc or supply demand planning with a
    strong understanding of demand drivers, advanced demand planning software
    and information flow.
  * Have deep knowledge of how to design experiments under different business
    conditions
  * Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills with attention to detail,
    accuracy and completeness.
  * Team-oriented approach to work.
  * Excellent written and oral communication skills.
  * Ability to self-manage and to make one?s own decisions.
  * Detail-oriented with excellent time management skills

 
We offer competitive pay based on education, experience, and other
qualifications. We offer comprehensive benefits including medical,
prescription, dental, vision, flex, life, disability, EAP, 401(k) with match,
profit sharing, tuition reimbursement, paid vacation, and more.
Nestl? Waters North America is the nation?s leading bottled water company. Our
water brands include Poland Spring, Arrowhead, Ozarka, Deer Park, Zephyrhills
and Ice Mountain, Nestl? Pure Life, S. Pellegrino, Perrier and Acqua Panna. Our
tea brands are Nestea, Tradewinds and Sweet Leaf. We?re passionate about
creating shared value for society in all kinds of ways: from providing careers
and benefits to communities where we operate to environmental stewardship ?
most notably responsible water management, lightweight packaging and advancing
recycling in America. As a valuable part of our team, you?ll receive a
competitive total rewards package ? something that will provide you with the
support you need to thrive both inside and outside of work. It?s not just the
work that you?ll find fulfilling here though. As you build a career with us,
you?ll receive exactly the kind of benefits you?d expect from a leading name in
healthy hydration. The only question is, what elements will help you succeed at
Nestl? Waters?

The Nestle companies are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers and
are looking for diversity in candidates for employment: Minority/Female/
Disabled/Protected Veteran
Apply Now

Match Your Skills

Let us search jobs for you based on the skills and experience listed in your
LinkedIn Profile.

Log In

Discover More

From our aspirations and beliefs to supporting your growth and working
together, there are more than a few great ideas that drive us here at Nestl?
Waters North America. Discover our elements below, along with some great tips.

  * Job Hunting After Graduation

    Job Hunting After Graduation | Job Search Tips

    For young professionals, finding a job after graduation can be challenging
    these days. Here are some tips to help you launch your career.

    Read More
  * How a Military Career Can Prepare You for Success at Nestl? Waters

    How a Military Career Can Prepare You for Success at Nestl? Waters

    Hear from three veterans who have found success at Nestl? Waters after
    their military career.

    Read More
  * Character | Elements of Success | NWNA Employees

    Character | Elements of Success | NWNA Employees

    Employees of Nestl? Waters North America share how character is a key
    element in driving both their success and the company?s.

    Read More
  * Talent | Elements of Success | NWNA Employees

    Talent | Elements of Success | NWNA Employees

    Employees of Nestl? Waters North America share how the element of talent
    drives success for themselves and the company.

    Read More

Share This Job

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Email

Location

Explore this Nestl? Waters  North America location.

[ico-gmap]

Search Our Job Map

[ico-marker]

Job Alerts

Let?s stay in touch! Pick your categories below to receive email alerts with
refreshing opportunities.

Email Address[                    ]

Areas of InterestAreas of interest: Search for a category, location, or
category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions, and click "Add".

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  * Continuous Improvement, Stamford, Connecticut, United StatesRemove
  * Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Subscribe]

Stay Connected:

  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * Facebook
  * YouTube
  * Pinterest
  * Glassdoor

  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 
  * 

About

  * Our Story
  * Our Commitment

Life at Nestl? Waters

  * Be A Part of Something Great
  * Experience Nestl? Waters
  * Benefits
  * Military
  * Students and Graduates

Career Areas

  * Marketing
  * Route
  * Manufacturing
  * Sales
  * Engineering
  * Campus

Stay Connected

  * twitter
  * linkedin
  * facebook
  * youtube
  * pinterest
  * glassdoor

  * Search Jobs
  * FAQ
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Nestl? Waters NA Corporate Site
  * Sitemap

The Nestl? Companies are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers and
are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/
Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran. If you require an accommodation in order to
view or apply to open positions, please dial 711 and provide this number to the
operator: 1-877-204-8650. For technical assistance: email
NesCareersSupport@icareerhelp.com or call 1-877-204-8650.

