This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  * Home
  * What We Do
  * Who We Serve
  * About Us
  * Featured Careers
      + Cleared Professionals
      + Commercial Careers
      + Consulting Careers
      + Corporate Professionals
      + Cyber Careers
      + Data Science & Analytics Careers
      + Digital & Cloud Careers
      + Engineering Careers
      + Graduating Students and Internships
      + Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      + Southeast Asia Careers
      + Strategic Innovations Careers
      + Transitioning Military
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > Booz Allen Hamilton
  * > United States
  * > Springfield, VA
  * > Science
  * > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist - CS, Mid - 01223857
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist - CS, Mid

Key Role:

Perform as a data scientist with a focus on computer science to apply knowledge
of and expertise in MEAN stack development and support. Leverage expertise in
MongoDB, AngularJS, NodeJS, requirements analysis, installation, integration,
evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and diagnosis or resolution. Use
statistical methods and leverage knowledge of large data sets to characterize
uncertainty through statistical methods. Apply knowledge of large data set
analysis, perform research, and ensure study results are properly interpreted
and documented.

Basic Qualifications:

-1+ years of experience with developing software in Java, Javascript, C, C++,
or other High-level languages

-1+ years of experience with developing software for UNIX or Linux, including
Red Hat, CentOS, or Ubuntu

-1+ years of experience with software integration or testing, including
analyzing and implementing test plans and scripts 

- Experience with MEAN stack technologies (AngularJS, Node, Express,MongoDB)

- Experience with database technologies such as MongoDB andPostgres/PostGIS

- Experience using Bootstrap and D3

- Knowledge of web application build tools such as Grunt

- Agile development team technologies to include Git andJIRA

-Experience with the design and development of Object-oriented system

-Experience with developing solutions and integrating, extending, and
contributing to Open Source software

-Ability to obtain a security clearance

-BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Amazon Web Services

-Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards

-Java to include REST/SOAP web services

-Experience with MapReduce programming, the Hadoop Distributed File System
(HDFS), and JSON or BSON 

-Experience with distributed scalable Big Data store or NoSQL, including
Accumulo, Cloudbase, HBase, or Bigtable 

-Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment

-Experience with designing and developing automated analytic software,
techniques, and algorithms

-Experience with Apache Spark or Apache Storm

-Experience with Apache Kafka

-Hadoop Certified Developer Certification 

-MS degree in CS, Physics, Statistics, or Mathematics preferred; PhD degree in
CS, Physics, Statistics, or Mathematics a plus 

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-CS-Mid-01223857/J3G0V76PZ10BQYH54CM/ Data
Scientist - CS, Mid - 01223857

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Springfield, VA
  * Job Type: Science
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Scientist Jobs
  * Computer Scientist Jobs
  * Jobs in McLean, Virginia
  * Scientist Jobs in McLean, Virginia

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  * Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  * Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  * Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
