< Return to results

 

  • Login here to update your details and to follow up on your application

My profile

  • English
  • Nederlands
  • Français
  • Deutsch
  • 汉语
  • Español
  • Português

Notify me

  • English
  • Nederlands
  • Français
  • Deutsch
  • 汉语
  • Español
  • Português

Apply now

Business Information Analyst

ICT | United States, Parsippany New Jersey
Job ID: CDO01170 | Close date: 2017-03-21

The Challenge

To leverage/optimize the technology, processes, juggle different systems and
safeguard DSM wide standard reporting for senior business users.

Information landscapes in DSM are scattered and have a complex reporting
landscape. In addition, the data source systems are also different in usage,
from ERP, CRM, Supply Chain, Manufacturing and external data/systems. Each
business group systems, processes are at different maturity levels, with some
at higher automation levels while others use manual output methods.

To assist you in dealing with the challenge, SSO MDM & Reporting is a new
department created in GIS, with the mission to stimulate a fact based data
driven culture across DSM through the provision of desirable, agile and cost
effective solutions to group functions at the speed of business need.

The Position

The Position 

You have a leading role in your functional area as a leader and guide in DSM to
analyze, design, develop and execute information delivery strategy and plan.

You will work effectively with global business partners and executives on
implementing Key Performance Indicators and Process Performance Indicators and
are responsible for high quality results in information and reporting projects.
This position reports into SSO senior reporting manager.

Key Areas of Accountability/ Responsibility

  • Function as a senior member of the team and assist others in ensuring
    quality output
  • Devote to the development of the company wide information plan
  • Design excellent user interfaces
  • Lead quality and delivery of outsource vendors
  • Contribute to developing a standard for relevant definitions, metrics and
    analytics
  • Challenge and improve business requirements’ qualities such as need,
    content and emphasize on reusability
  • Develop reporting requirements with enthusiasm and in response to business
    needs
  • Act as linking pin between business and data scientists to deploy right
    predictive models to balance the technical and business requirements
  • Commit to user education and training on new tools/reports
  • Align the different components of business information to enable rapid and
    effective deployment of trusted information solutions

The Ideal

  • Master’s Degree in Computer Engineering or Applied Computer Sciences
  • High business insight & validated ability to translate business challenges
    into IT solutions
  • Good functional & process knowledge is very useful
  • Solid & relevant BI experience in the areas of sales & marketing,
    manufacturing, SCM or Finance
  • You have minimum of 5 years’ experience working on Business Intelligence
    projects in global environments
  • You are strong SAP BW/BO technical knowledge and other analytical tools
    such as R or Python
  • You have some experience with in-memory databases like Hana on BW
  • You have good technical experience in information design
  • You have excellent knowledge and skills on operational reporting and
    process performance tools(Every angle, Aris PPM)
  • You have high level of analytical and communication skills, can-do
    management attitude 
  • You come with solid (technical) project management background

The Procedure and Contact

Passionate about this role? Please apply on-line by sending us your CV &
motivation letter in English. Reference check procedures are part of the DSM
Recruitment & Selection Process. You will contacted when these references
checks are required. 

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do
not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender,
sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 

*At DSM’s Group Information Solutions (GIS) our vision is to provide a wide
range of Desirable, Reliable, Efficient and Cost Effective Digital Solutions.
We develop people who are passionate about delivering World Class services and
solutions so DSM can fully realize its ambitions in business and in society.

Apply now

