Skip Navigation
Citizens Bank Open Menu

  • LIFE AT CITIZENS
  • CAREER PATHS
  • WHY WORK FOR US
  • COLLEGE GRAD PROGRAMS
  • COLLEAGUE STORIES
  • GIVING BACK

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • YouTube

Job opportunities at Citizens Bank Career-minded, community-focused

Alex Branch Manager

Search Our Jobs

Keyword [                    ]

Location [                    ]

Radius [Radius  ]

Search

Note: The application system is not compatible with all operating systems and
devices. We strongly recommend using Google Chrome as your internet browser for
an optimal experience when submitting your application.

Apply >

Career Opportunity

Quantitative Analyst II

Location Bridgeport, Connecticut Job ID/ Req. Number167169 Category Risk
Management Full/Part Time F Regular/Temporary 1st Shift

Description

The Senior Quantitative Analyst in Credit Card Portfolio Management and
Acquisitions is a key member of the team that leads the portfolio risk
management activities for Citizens Credit Card portfolio.
The responsibilities for this position include: research and development of
quantitative strategies in authorizations, credit line optimization, and
account reissues and closure; track, identify, and evaluate opportunities to
improve card portfolio, including design of champion/challenger test;
collaborate with colleagues around the organization, as well as external
vendors; support programs initiated by business partners across the company;
perform statistical analysis for various structured and ad hoc projects to
support other risk managers in order to achieve overall risk management
strategic objectives.
The successful candidate should have a strong quantitative background, product
analytics experience, a deep understanding of basic statistical concepts
(hypothesis testing, confidence intervals, design of experiments, sample size
determination, statistical significance etc.), strong excel modeling experience
and familiarity addressing business problems through fact based and scientific
analytics preferred.
Specific responsibilities include, but not limited to:

  • Perform deep dive analytics including Cohort analysis, segmentation
    exercises, credit loss projections and ad-hoc analysis that would provide
    insights to the business.
  • Develop and execute credit risk strategies that support pricing, credit
    line optimization, credit card reissue, payment fraud prevention strategies
    and inactive credit card closure strategies.  
  • Must have excellent analytical skills, including ability to query
    databases, sort through complex data to crystallize business implications,
    and drive value for the business 
  • Lead/participate in analytical projects. Facilitate meetings, assign/
    produce action items; work with business partners across the organization
    and with external vendors, with special attention to deadlines and
    interdependent projects across the enterprise.
  • Make observations and implement recommendations that contribute to a strong
    regulatory (internal and external) environment.
  • Reporting on monthly Key Performance Indicator(KPI) metrics for the
    portfolio

Qualifications

  • At least 2 years of risk analytical experience; preferably in consumer
    finance or at least 5 years of experience in a related quantitative field
    with a proven track record of addressing business problems through fact
    based and scientific analytics
  • SAS programming skills and SQL experience.
  • Experience working in fast-paced and agile environments
  • Demonstrated critical thinking and problem solving skills, comfortable
    working with ambiguity, adapt easily to changes and to fast pace
    environment.
  • Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal

Education:

  • Bachelors Degree or Advanced degree (M.S. or Ph.D.) in
    Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Operations Research, Engineering, or
    related quantitative field

Hours & Work Schedule

Hours per Week:  40

Work Schedule:  M-F 8:00-5:00


Why Work with Us

At Citizens, you’ll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our
customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you
are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training
and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.


Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of Citizens Bank and Citizens Securities, Inc. to provide
equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants
for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender,
pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity
or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information,
citizenship, veteran or military status, marital or domestic partner status, or
any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.


Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action Employer Disabled/Veteran


Citizens Bank is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective
subsidiaries, and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.

#LI-KP1

Apply >

Note: The application system is not compatible with all operating systems and
devices. We strongly recommend using Google Chrome as your internet browser for
an optimal experience when submitting your application.

  • Awards - Best of the Best 2015
  • Awards - Best of the Best 2015
  • Awards - Best of the Best 2015

Explore Job Location

Share

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • Email

Watch Our Jobs

Sign up here for job alerts and communications from Citizens Bank.

Email Address[                    ]

Interested InSelect a job category from the list of options. Search for a
location and select one from the list of suggestions. Finally, click “Add” to
create your job alert.

Job Category[Select a Job Category   ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  • Risk Management, Bridgeport, Connecticut, United StatesRemove
  • Compliance, Bridgeport, Connecticut, United StatesRemove
  • Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[Submit > ]

Colleague Stories

Visit our Colleague Stories to learn more about our career paths, colleagues
and culture.

  • Tips from Senior Recruiter, Jen

    Tips from Senior Recruiter, Jen

    Read tips, insights and advice for prospective job candidates from Senior
    Recruiter, Jen

    Read More
  • Our credo in action – adoption support to help our colleagues and
    customers.

    Our credo in action – adoption support to help our colleagues and
    customers.

    Citizens demonstrates its commitment to doing more for its colleagues and
    customers through its adoption assistance efforts

    Read More
  • Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Young Professionals Network in
    Partnership with Citizens Bank hosts summer fun at The Lawn on D.

    Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce Young Professionals Network in
    Partnership with Citizens Bank hos

    Associates like Jeff have an exciting opportunity to expand their financial
    knowledge as part of the CBDP.

    Read More

Related Opportunities

  • Quantitative Risk Manager – Loss Forecasting Canton, Massachusetts,
    Bridgeport, Connecticut

  • Privacy Statement
  • Site Map

Connect With Us:

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • YouTube

Open Menu

  • LIFE AT CITIZENS
  • CAREER PATHS
  • WHY WORK FOR US
  • COLLEGE GRAD PROGRAMS
  • COLLEAGUE STORIES
  • GIVING BACK

It is the policy of Citizens Bank to provide equal employment and advancement
opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to
race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or
perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military
status, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by
federal, state and/or local laws. Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action
Employer Disabled/Veteran-Citizens Bank is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A.
and each of its respective subsidiaries, and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.
Click here to review "EEO Is The Law" poster. Click here to review the Pay
Transparency Nondiscrimination Statement. For applicant help and accessibility
assistance, click here.

Quantcast
