Conviva Careers

Data Scientist

Engineering Foster City, California

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Apply

Description

Conviva's real time big data platform processes over 4.5 billion video streams
a month from more than 1.6 Billion unique devices, receiving and analyzing
anywhere between 300 Billion events on an average day to 2 Trillion events a
day during high visibility and popular events. Our platform has global reach,
with customers in over 180 countries and our global customer base includes
premium entertainment, news, sports and media brands, as well as leading
service providers such as HBO, Disney, ESPN, Major League Baseball (MLB) and
Comcast, delivering live and on demand content in both subscription and
ad-supported models. As a valued, strategic partner, Conviva is helping the
world’s most respected media brands to take control of their viewing experience
and navigate the changing business of television.


The Data Scientist position requires solid mathematics and statistics training,
and good experience using various data analysis models (such as various
regression, clustering, machine learning and data mining methods) and tools
(such as R, scikit-Learn or similar packages) to help analyzing billions of
streams per month Conviva collects for the on-line video services. The work
involves uncovering key insights about how customers discover and interact with
on-line access media to support and qualify critical business decisions,
identifying the important relationships among various quality metrics (such as
video start failure, re-buffering and nitrates) and user engagement metrics
(such as play time, retention) and providing input to client and backend
optimization algorithms that improves the viewers' experience.

Our data collection and analysts are unparalleled in the industry and top
candidates for this position should be experts in identifying new trends and
new opportunity for analysis, as well as be capable of providing innovative
interpretation and presentation of data and discovery.

 

Detailed Responsibilities

  • Mine and analyze data pertaining to customers’ discovery and viewing
    experiences to identify critical product insights
  • Proactively develop new metrics and studies to quantify the value of
    different aspects of discovery
  • Establish ongoing reports to continually measure performance
  • Use and develop data mining tools and portals for analysis and reporting of
    online video streaming statistics
  • Interpret analytical insight of statistical data with the appropriate
    business context and provide guidance to business decisions
  • Partner closely with product and engineering leaders throughout the
    lifecycle of launching products and features
  • Ensure necessary data is captured, analytic needs are well-defined, and
    development timelines are coordinated with analytic needs
  • Prepare high-level presentations of data for board and executive review
  • Research/analyze and prepare requirements for data products by engaging
    directly with content publishers, as well as work with the team to execute
    on these products

Requirements

  • Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math,
    Statistics, or related
  • Experience with mining large data-sets
  • Experience utilizing SQL, Hive/Hadoop, or similar technologies
  • Experience with distributed systems such as Spark and Hadoop.
  • General-purpose languages such as Scala, Java, or Python.
  • Familiarity with data analysis using R, Python or MLlib
  • Proficiency in Data Visualization tools
  • Must be focused on data accuracy and integrity
  • Expert in data presentation/communication both internally and with
    publisher clientele
  • Detail-oriented and organized with all work product
  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills
  • Ability to work well in a fast-paced start-up environment

Apply Apply Later
← Back to Current Openings
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Share

LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Email
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Similar Jobs

{{ job.title }}

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Powered by Jobvite

