This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at ITA Member Companies>

  * Home
  * Sponsoring Companies
      + Trustwave
  * Student College Network
  * Employer login
  * All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  * > ITA Member Companies
  * > United States
  * > Chicago, IL
  * > Banking
  * > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Capital One - Data Scientist
at ITA Member Companies

Date Posted: 1/10/2017
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

77 West Wacker Dr (35012), United States of America, Chicago, Illinois

Data Scientist

At Capital One, data is at the center of everything we do. When we launched as
a startup we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing
every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database,
cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little
innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company
and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making.

As a Data Scientist at Capital One, you?ll be part of a team that?s leading the
next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in distributed
computing technologies and operating across billions and billions of customer
transactions to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save
money, time and agony in their financial lives.

 On any given day you?ll be:

-Using Big Data tools (Hadoop, Spark, H2O, AWS) to conduct the analysis of
billions of customer transaction records

-Writing software to clean and investigate large, messy data sets of numerical
and textual data

-Integrating with external data sources and APIs to discover interesting trends

-Building machine learning models from development through testing and
validation to our 30+ million customers in production

-Designing rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to customers
or company leaders

-Investigating the impact of new technologies on the future of digital banking
and the financial world of tomorrow

The Ideal Candidate will be:

-Curious. You ask why, you explore, you're not afraid to blurt out your
disruptive idea. You probably know Python, Scala, or R and you?re constantly
exploring new open source tools.

-Wrangler. You know how to programmatically extract data from a database and an
API, bring it through a transformation or two, and model it into human-readable
form (ROC curve, map, d3 visualization, Tableau, etc.).

-Creative. Big, undefined problems and petabytes of data don't frighten you.
You?re used to working with abstract data, and you love discovering new
narratives in unmined territories.

Twenty-five years after Capital One was started it?s still led by its founder.
Be ready to join a community of the smartest people you?ve ever met, who see
the customer first, and want to use their data skills to make a difference.

Basic Qualifications:

-Bachelor?s Degree or military experience

-At least 2 years? experience in open source programming languages for large
scale data analysis

-At least 2 years? experience with machine learning

-At least 2 years? experience with relational databases

Preferred Qualifications:

-Master?s Degree or PhD

-At least 1 year experience working with AWS

-At least 4 years? experience in Python, Scala, or R for large scale data
analysis

-At least 4 years? experience with machine learning

-At least 4 years? experience with SQL

Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment
authorization for this position. 

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/ita/en-us/job/United-States/
Capital-One-Data-Scientist/J3J3RK742XKD7NQN9MB/ Capital One - Data Scientist

Job Snapshot

  * Employee Type: Full-Time
  * Location: Chicago
  * Job Type: Banking, Finance, Other
  * Experience: Not Specified
  * Date Posted: 1/10/2017

About Us

It doesn?t matter if you are a job seeker, an employer or a student looking for
internships; the ITA Talent Portal is your access point to tech in Greater
Chicago and Illinois. Professional job seekers should join our Talent Network
and students should join our College Network. Not familiar with ITA? Visit
illinoistech.org to learn more about ITA and our services.

How do I post a job or search the Talent and College Networks?

Employers who would like to post jobs or search the professional and student
databases in the ITA Talent Portal must be from a technology company who is a
current member of the Illinois Technology Association (ITA). To learn more or
find out if you qualify, contact us at 312-435-2805 or email,
talent@illinoistech.org.

What is a Talent Network?

Talent Networks enhance your job search and application process. Whether you
choose to apply or just leave your information, we look forward to staying
connected with you.

Why Join?

  * Receive alerts with new job opportunities that match your interests
  * Share job opportunities through Social Media or email

>> View All Jobs

 

Important Notice
The Illinois Technology Association (ITA) provides this web site as a service
for ITA members. The postings listed on this site are for positions with an ITA
member company and are not employment opportunities with ITA. Any employment
application, interview or job opportunity is between the member company and the
applicant.

Check out our similar jobs

  * Scientist Jobs
  * Computer Scientist Jobs
  * Jobs in Rolling Meadows, Illinois
  * Scientist Jobs in Rolling Meadows, Illinois

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * vimeo-small

[p]
