Skip Navigation MONSANTO

  * who we are
  * products
  * newsroom
  * improving agriculture

Menu

search jobs

Keyword Search [                    ]

Country, City, State, or ZIP [                    ]

Search radius [Radius  ]

Search

Data Science Lead

St. Louis, Missouri, US apply now Apply Later Job ID 0182H
Produce more. Conserve more. Improve lives. That?s Monsanto?s vision for a
better world. Achieving this vision demands revolutionizing agriculture through
technology. Data Science is central to attaining this transformation. 

We are seeking exceptionally talented individuals with a passion for innovation
to lead a data science team in our Global Analytics Team within the Breeding
Organization. The global analytics team is a cutting edge group that analyzes
big data to develop predictive models and optimization solutions to accelerate
Monsanto?s product development. As part of our diverse, highly dynamic group,
you will be driving big data challenges and will lead a team of exceptional
data scientists with diverse backgrounds (Mathematicians, Statisticians and
Engineers) to foster your career growth and development while delivering
next-generation scientific breakthroughs. 

The person will provide strategic technical and project leadership in a fast
paced R&D team environment to accelerate our pipeline and product development
efforts. 

Major Responsibilities:

? People and technical leadership with focus on creating team environment for
individuals to develop and succeed

? Lead innovation using latest innovations in machine learning, predictive
analytics and optimization algorithms

? Lead team to develop and deploy newest technologies across the globe

? Identify and drive the development of innovative methodologies to accelerate
our pipeline and product development efforts

? Lead development and presentation of compelling, validated stories to all
levels of organization, including peers, senior management and internal
customers to drive both strategic and operational changes in business

? Develop strong and successful collaborations among various Monsanto R&D teams

? Identify opportunities to reduce cost of major breeding operations 


Required Skills:

  * PhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering,
    Bioinformatics, or other quantitative disciplines
  * 3+ years experience in applying Machine learning algorithms (Deep Learning,
    Ensembles, SVM) and optimization concepts (network optimization, stochastic
    programming, optimal scheduling and routing) and 5+ years experience with
    statistical programming packages like R, MATLAB and Python and experience
    with a passion for solving analytical problems involving big data
  * Experience with Big data ecosystem including Hbase, MongoDB, MapReduce, and
    Spark, and virtual infrastructure and Infrastructure as a service such as
    AWS and Google cloud
  * Creative, proactive, bold and out-of-box thinking
  * Exceptional leadership, verbal and written communication, interpersonal
    skills and problem solving skills will be required to negotiate scope/
    resources, manage, and project status, and synchronize activities with team
    members, stakeholders, and management
  * Strong organizational, interpersonal, and proven problem solving abilities
  * Ability to work in a matrix environment, leading & influencing people at
    varying levels of responsibility
  * Proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear,
    precise and actionable manner
  * Strong publication record in leading scientific journals
  * Experience in method development and the ability to define and implement
    desired technical strategies

 
 
apply now Apply Later

Share

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email
  * LinkedIn

Recent Jobs

  * Sr. Manager-Tax Financial Reporting - St. Louis, Missouri
  * Field Operations Manager Hungary - Budapest, Budapest
  * Portuguese Language Specialist ? Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable -
    Bangalore, Karnataka
  * Data Management Support Intern, Ibadan (Nigeria) or Fourways (South Africa)
    - ,
  * Technology Development Representative - Tanzania - , Arusha

Useful Links

  * Monsanto
  * Sustainability
  * Careers
  * Viewpoints
  * Awards and Recognitions
  * Students
  * Diversity at Monsanto
  * Discover Monsanto

Awards

  * [award1]
  * [award2]

Follow us on the web:

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * LinkedIn
  * YouTube
  * Blog

stay in the loop with our job news and events

Email Address[                    ]

Area of interestSearch for a category, location, or category/location pair,
select a term from the suggestions, and click "Add".

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  * Research & Development, St. Louis, Missouri, United StatesRemove
  * Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[sign up]

Monsanto is an equal opportunity employer, we value a diverse combination of
ideas, perspectives and cultures. EEO Employer Minorities/Females/Protected
Veterans/Disabled
Monsanto & Vine Design? is a registered trademark of Monsanto Technology LLC. ?
2015 Monsanto Company

