Skip Navigation MONSANTO

  • who we are
  • products
  • newsroom
  • improving agriculture

Menu

search jobs

Keyword Search [                    ]

Country, City, State, or ZIP [                    ]

Search radius [Radius  ]

Search

Analytics Automation Intern

St. Louis, Missouri, US apply now Apply Later Job ID 01BMF
If you love developing innovative, breakthrough technologies that create
breakthrough products, you’ll want to check out this exciting opportunity in
Data Science & Analytics at Monsanto.
We are seeking exceptionally talented graduate-level students who share our
passion for innovation to be part of our Biotech Trait Testing Analytics Team
at our world headquarters in St. Louis, Missouri.  This team has access to data
you’ve only dreamt about and is driving creation of predictive, prescriptive
models that will shape the industry. We work on hard problems because we love
the challenge.  
As part of our diverse, highly dynamic group, you will work side-by-side with a
team of exceptional data scientists with diverse backgrounds (Statisticians,
Mathematicians and Engineers) to foster your career growth and development
while delivering next-generation scientific breakthroughs. Our openings have
the flexibility to be either a 3 month  (May 15 - August 4) or 6 month (fall or
spring semester) assignment.
Shift from theory-based statistical programming to analytics modules that excel
in computational efficiency in terms of speed, accuracy, and robustness. This
is the transition we expect from the Analytics Automation Intern/Co-op, who
will apply cutting age computational techniques and algorithms to develop R
modules for modeling and analysis of data from our agricultural experiments. 
You will work closely with members of the Trait Testing Analytics Team and
scientists from Information Technology. 

Required:

 

Candidates must be currently enrolled in university within the U.S., pursuing a
M.S. or Ph.D. degree program in Computational Statistics, Computational
Mathematics, Computer Science, or Computational Biology. 

 

Graduate students in Statistics, Mathematics, Biostatistics, or Bioinformatics
with strong background in development of efficient computer algorithms are also
eligible

 

Proficiency in R programming with experience in development of R packages with
computational efficiency

 

Experience in interfacing R with high level programming languages such as
Python and MATLAB to enhance computational efficiency

 

Expertise in numerical methods for dealing with large and high dimensional
unbalanced data structure

 

Basic knowledge of Analysis of Variance, Mixed Model, Regression and other
statistics tools and the implementation of these techniques in R

 

Strong communication skills for effective interactions with senior business/R&D
stakeholders as well as peer groups and team members

 

Desired:

 

Experience with numerical linear algebra for solving linear systems with sparse
and ill-conditioned matrices

 

Some background and training in crop science area

apply now Apply Later

Share

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • Email
  • LinkedIn

Recent Jobs

  • Sr. Manager-Tax Financial Reporting - St. Louis, Missouri
  • Field Operations Manager Hungary - Budapest, Budapest
  • Portuguese Language Specialist – Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable -
    Bangalore, Karnataka
  • Data Management Support Intern, Ibadan (Nigeria) or Fourways (South Africa)
    - ,
  • Technology Development Representative - Tanzania - , Arusha

Useful Links

  • Monsanto
  • Sustainability
  • Careers
  • Viewpoints
  • Awards and Recognitions
  • Students
  • Diversity at Monsanto
  • Discover Monsanto

Awards

  • [award1]
  • [award2]

Follow us on the web:

  • Facebook
  • Twitter
  • LinkedIn
  • YouTube
  • Blog

stay in the loop with our job news and events

Email Address[                    ]

Area of interestSearch for a category, location, or category/location pair,
select a term from the suggestions, and click "Add".

Category[                    ]

Location[                    ]

Add

  • Research & Development, St. Louis, Missouri, United StatesRemove
  • Students, St. Louis, Missouri, United StatesRemove
  • Remove

Confirm Email [                    ]

[sign up]

Monsanto is an equal opportunity employer, we value a diverse combination of
ideas, perspectives and cultures. EEO Employer Minorities/Females/Protected
Veterans/Disabled
Monsanto & Vine Design™ is a registered trademark of Monsanto Technology LLC. ©
2015 Monsanto Company

