[Naming_Are] [logo]

  * Menu
  * Search

[                    ] Go
  * Home
  * Why Bayer
      + Why Bayer

        [Stadium-Picture]

        We pride ourselves in being research-driven, with businesses in
        CropScience, HealthCare, and MaterialScience.  We are also proud of our
        environmental record, our safety performance, and our manufacturing
        prowess.  You can only imagine our pride at being named one of Fortune
        magazine's most admired companies.
       
        Overview
      + 
          o Overview
          o Innovation & Solutions
          o Development & Teamwork
          o Better Life & Challenges
          o Reputation & Impact
          o Benefits & Rewards
              # Overview
              # Competitive Pay
              # Work Life Programs
              # Wellness Programs
              # Benefits
          o Values & Stories
              # Overview
              # David against Goliath
              # Singapore's Supertrees
              # Sky-high vegetables
              # Bringing light into darkness
              # Rice for a hungry planet
              # Bridging Distances
              # Healthy for Life
  * Working at Bayer
      + Working at Bayer

        [Our-Employee-Banner]

        Without the dedicated people who work in our labs, offices and
        manufacturing facilities as well as in the field, we would never have
        given the world the variety of Bayer discoveries that bring quality to
        daily life.  Our people remain our most valuable asset, and we provide
        the ongoing training and development they need to remain at the top of
        their respective fields.

        Overview
      + 
          o Overview
          o Students & Graduates
              # Overview
              # Internships & Co-ops
                  @ Overview
                  @ Bayer CropScience Sales Excellence Internship Program
              # International Program for Financial Management (U.S.)
              # Commercial Excellence Leadership Program: Sales Excellence
                Associate
              # MBA Programs
                  @ Overview
                  @ MBA Internship Program - Assistant Brand Manager Intern
                  @ MBA Internship - Pharmaceutical Marketing
                  @ MBA Full-Time Opportunity - Assistant Brand Manager
                  @ MBA Full-Time Opportunity - Senior Business Consultant
                  @ Commercial Excellence Leadership Program: Commercial
                    Management Trainee
              # Entry Level Opportunities
          o Military Professionals & Protected Veterans
          o Experienced Professionals
  * How to Join Us
      + How to Join Us

        [How-to-Join-Us-Banner]

        Bayer offers employment opportunities at all levels throughout the
        United States and globally.  Recruitment at Bayer occurs continuously
        as new jobs become available.  Therefore, we encourage you to review
        our website to get a feel for who we are, the type of work we do, our
        mission and values, and our employees.

        Overview
      + 
          o Overview
          o How to Apply
          o Managing Your Profile
          o Your Interview
          o Onboarding
          o FAQ
  * Network with Us
      + Network with Us

        [Network-with-Us-Banner]

        We would love to stay connected to you.  Join our Bayer communities on
        Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn!

        Overview
      + 
          o Overview
          o Events
          o Social Media
          o Video Center

  * Home

[eb_800x253]
Bayer is a global enterprise with core competencies in the Life Science fields
of health care and agriculture. Its products and services are designed to
benefit people and improve their quality of life. At Bayer you have the
opportunity to be part of a culture where we value the passion of our employees
to innovate and give them the power to change.

Principal Information Scientist

Your tasks and responsibilities

The Primary Responsibilities of this role, Principal Information Scientist,
are: ? Development, implementation, and management of business critical core
technologies for professional retrieval and analysis services to secure
intellectual Property (IP) and to identify new development candidates/
indications/assets for global BHC/BPH-R&D; ? Provision of professional
information retrieval and analysis services for local and global workflows; ?
Global Retrieval and analysis services are requested by BHC scientists and
management globally and locally. Local retrieval/analysis are often used
globally. Major tasks and responsibilities of position (max. 8 key topics) ?
Development, evaluation, and implementation of business critical retrieval and
analysis technologies (text, data mining and visualization) with focus on
pharmacology, biomedical, technical and business/competitor information ?
Direct support of BHC patent department for the protection and growth of BHC?s
IP portfolio as well as support of BHC legal department in litigations, product
liability trials etc.; ? Development of new and augmentation of existing
controlled vocabularies (thesauri) and ontologies reflecting all major areas of
activity of global BHC; ? Identification, evaluation and implementation of new
information sources, databases, applications & techniques for information
professionals as well as for BHC professionals, scientists, project leaders and
senior management; ? Development and implementation of proprietary vocabulary
and analysis/ workflows which give BHC a competitive advantage (faster
discovery of new R&D opportunities) over commercial text mining applications
which do not cover BHC core Development interests and activities; ? Retrieval
and analysis of high quality information from patents, literature and
competitors for BHC R&D processes and projects ; ? Provision of business
critical information, in-depths analyses, reports, recommendations mandatory
for strategic decisions (go/no-go decisions in R&D projects, licensing, etc.)
in particular at relevant decision points often relating to a value/investment;
? Protection and growth of BHC IP portfolio: The information provided by this
position is mandatory for every new BHC application, litigation case and for
due diligence.

Who you are

Required Qualifications Your success will be driven by your demonstration of
our LIFE values. More specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an
incumbent who possesses the following: ?MD or Pharm.D with 3+ years? experience
in the field of professional information analysis in life science industry
using advanced analysis technologies using databases and controlled
vocabularies/thesauri/ontologies OR; ? Master degree in biomedical life
sciences in Pharmacology, Biology or Medicine with 4+ years of professional
information analysis in life science industry using advanced analysis
technologies (including text mining) databases and controlled vocabularies/
thesauri/ontologies. In addition, 3+ years? experience in the field of
professional information analysis in life science industry using advanced
analysis technologies using databases and controlled vocabularies/thesauri/
ontologies; ? Scientific expertise on molecular targets, diseases, biological
compounds, processes and technologies; ? Detailed knowledge about content,
structure, and limitations of pharma related information sources; ? Good
technical grasp, creativity and innovative mindset; ? High degree of
reliability, confidentiality, and ability to work under pressure; flexibility
and excellent communication, presentation and organizational skills; ? Fluent
in spoken and written English.

Your application

Bayer offers a wide variety of competitive compensation and benefits programs.
If you meet the requirements of this unique opportunity, and you have the
"Passion to Innovate" and the "Power to Change", we encourage you to apply now.
Job postings will remain open for a minimum of ten business days and are
subject to immediate closure thereafter without additional notice. To all
recruitment agencies: Bayer does not accept unsolicited third party resumes.

[PTIPTC]

Bayer is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans

 

Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its
application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants
with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact
information below.

 

Country: United States
Location: NJ-Whippany, NJ
Reference Code: 0000184843

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contact us

Phone: +1 877 229-3727

Apply online [search-arr]

Job Search

[Career Level] [Functional Area                      ] [United States       ] 
[Location                      ] [Divisions          ] [                    ] 
Search [search-arr]
For job postings from your selected country please go to
Job Search ?
Follow Us

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[facebook_o]    [twitter]    [linkedin]    #

Your Application Status

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exciting times!

Bayer has launched a new recruiting system that makes it faster and easier for
you to apply.

 

Track your job applications:

 

Jobs published on or after October 19, 2016

Returning Applicants

 

Jobs published before October 19, 2016

Returning Applicants

 

If you require assistance please Contact us

 

Job Fairs & Career Expos

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Events Overview

Resources

[Contact]

 

Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its
application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants
with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact
information below.
 

 

EEO is the Law

Pay Transparency

 

 

If you have questions regarding the recruiting process or your application,
please visit our FAQ section. 

 

FAQs

 

If you need additional information, click below to contact us directly!

 

Contact Us

 

 

 

Jan 4, 2017   Copyright ? Bayer AG
URL: https://career.bayer.us/opencms/opencms/en/job/
The-Finance-Accounting-Controlling-Tax-FACT-Intern--SF904.html

  * General Conditions of Use
  * Privacy Statement
  * Imprint
  * Technical Details

  * Search
  * Contact Us
  * Bayer U.S.
  * Bayer Group

  * Why Bayer
      + Innovation & Solutions
      + Development & Teamwork
      + Better Life & Challenges
      + Reputation & Impact
      + Benefits & Rewards
      + Values & Stories
  * Working at Bayer
      + Students & Graduates
      + Military Professionals & Protected Veterans
      + Experienced Professionals
  * How to Join Us
      + How to Apply
      + Managing Your Profile
      + Your Interview
      + Onboarding
      + FAQ
  * Network with Us
      + Events
      + Social Media
      + Video Center

DCSIMG
dcsimg
