This site uses cookies. To find out more, see our Cookies Policy. Hide this
message
Jobs and Careers at Booz Allen Hamilton>

  • Home
  • What We Do
  • Who We Serve
  • About Us
  • Featured Careers
      □ Cleared Professionals
      □ Commercial Careers
      □ Consulting Careers
      □ Corporate Professionals
      □ Cyber Careers
      □ Data Science & Analytics Careers
      □ Digital & Cloud Careers
      □ Engineering Careers
      □ Graduating Students and Internships
      □ Middle East North Africa Region (MENA) Careers
      □ Southeast Asia Careers
      □ Strategic Innovations Careers
      □ Transitioning Military
  • All Jobs

[                    ] [                    ] [Search]

  • > Booz Allen Hamilton
  • > United States
  • > McLean, VA
  • > Science
  • > Computer and Information Research Scientists

Data Scientist, Mid - 01221149
at Booz Allen Hamilton

Date Posted: 12/29/2016
Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Job Description

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering and innovation expertise.

Data Scientist, Mid

Key Role:

Apply technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from
multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously
hidden insights, providing a competitive advantage or addressing a pressing
business problem. Display expertise in computer science, software development,
and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and
tools, analytic workflow processes, and complex data visualizations. Leverage
knowledge of mathematical and statistical concepts, computer science, or domain
to bridge the gap between technologists and mathematicians, ensuring software
solutions meet analytic requirements.

Basic Qualifications:

-Experience with SAS and SPSS

-Experience with managing projects across the data science community

-Experience with data manipulation, analytic tools, and data visualization

-Experience with constructing and performing complex database search queries

-Ability to build statistical models, test hypotheses, visualize, summarize,
interpret, and report on data holdings

-TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph required

-BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Knowledge of the intelligence community

-Ability to write analytic pieces

-Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to
meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI
clearance polygraph is required.

Integrating a full range of consulting capabilities, Booz Allen is the one firm
that helps clients solve their toughest problems. by their side to help them
achieve their missions.  Booz Allen is committed to delivering results that
endure.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet.

Apply
Not ready to Apply?

Share With

Twitter LinkedIn Email http://www.jobs.net/jobs/booz-allen-hamilton/en-us/job/
United-States/Data-Scientist-Mid-01221149/J3H1706D20KK55MGY4B/ Data Scientist,
Mid - 01221149

Job Snapshot

  • Employee Type: Full-Time
  • Location: McLean, VA
  • Job Type: Science
  • Experience: Not Specified
  • Date Posted: 12/29/2016

About Us

Booz Allen Hamilton has been at the forefront of strategy and technology for
more than 100 years Today, the firm provides management and technology
consulting and engineering services to leading Fortune 500 corporations,
governments, and not-for-profits across the globe. Booz Allen partners with
public and private sector clients to solve their most difficult challenges
through a combination of consulting, analytics, mission operations, technology,
systems delivery, cybersecurity, engineering, and innovation expertise.

Check out our similar jobs

  • Scientist Jobs
  • Computer Scientist Jobs
  • Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia
  • Scientist Jobs in Washington, District of Columbia

  • Privacy Policy
  • Terms and Conditions

  • Booz Allen Hamilton Twitter
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Facebook
  • Booz Allen Hamilton LinkedIn
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Youtube
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Instagram
  • Booz Allen Hamilton Flicker
  • Booz Allen Hamilton RSS

[p]
