*
 

  * Explore
      + Explore Jobs Overview
      + See all job openings
      + Events
  * Careers
      + Careers Overview
      + Engineering
      + Software
      + Information Technology
      + Sales & Marketing
      + Manufacturing
      + Global Student Center
          o Internships
          o Accelerated Leadership Programs (ALP)
          o Rotation Programs
          o Venture Program
  * Life at Intel
      + Life at Intel Overview
      + Innovative Technology
      + Diversity
      + Education Visionaries
      + Corporate Responsibilities
      + Intel Around the World
  * Benefits
      + Benefits Overview
  * Advice & Help
      + Hiring Process & Tips
      + Candidate Help Desk

Join the talent network

  * Home
  * ? Senior Software Machine/Deep Learning Engineer Hillsboro, OR

Apply
Search all jobs
Apply Now    
Job ID: JR0006436
Job Category: Engineering
Primary Location: Hillsboro, OR US
Other Locations:
Job Type: Experienced Hire

Senior Software Machine/Deep Learning Engineer

Job Description
Job Description:Intel's software engineers have the opportunity to touch the
entire software ecosystem! In fact, by number of employees, we are one of the
most influential software companies in the world. At Intel, you'll be at
forefront of everything from enhanced usability and security, to integrated
software and hardware solutions, to seamless connectivity. We're looking for
more great software engineers who will help us push computing capabilities even
further. And who are passionately motivated by seeing their creations used by
millions of end users. Check out this cool video on YouTube: https://
www.youtube.com/watch?vaOd4-T_p5fA. In Intel's Connected Device Software CDS
group, you will work alongside a team of Intel engineers to design, implement,
and optimize solutions for some of the toughest computing problems of today and
tomorrow. Our engineers work on diverse technologies including Deep Learning,
Computer Vision, Data Analytics, Hardware-rooted Security, Software Runtimes
and Machine Learning. We partner with divisions across Intel -- e.g. Data
Center Group, Client Computing Group, and Internet of Things Group -- to
deliver solutions into customer hands. CDS is in need of a software engineer
with experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and/or Data Analytics to
develop workloads, and do performance analysis of projects directed towards
customer use cases. Your responsibilities will include: - Implement, test and
optimize advanced analytics applications for devices and clients- Advise,
educate, and evangelize new machine learning, deep learning, and data analytics
technology- Collaborate with engineers from other Intel groups and divisions-
Troubleshoot and debug issues that arise- Provide engineering designs for new
software solutions to help solve new customer use cases- Contribute performance
analysis results to improve Intel hardware architectures- Maintain technical
documentation- Provide mentorship to junior engineers - Develop a familiarity
with, and share, new tools and best practices


Qualifications

Qualifications:Candidate should have a degree in Computer Science, Computer
Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related area. Minimum requirement is BS
+ 6 years of experience, MS + 4 years of experience, or PhD + 2 years of
experience. Prefer 8+ years development experience with at least 4 years
focused on Machine Learning, Deep Learning and/or Data Analytics. Other
required qualifications include:- Proven work experience as a software machine/
deep learning engineer- Detailed technical knowledge of techniques, standards
and state-of-the art capabilities for machine learning, deep learning, and data
analytics such as SVM, decision trees, Caffe, TensorFlow, and statistical data
analytic methods- Software development experience in at least one of the
following core languages: C, C++, Java- Interest in all aspects of machine
learning, deep learning, and data analytics- Demonstrable development
experience in a Linux environment- Strong leadership skills, including
communication, stakeholder management, ability to delegate and lead others, and
ability to work in an environment with change and ambiguity- Ability to scope
and plan work needed for areas of ownership and provide clear feedback to the
team on risks, issues, and help needed

Inside this Business Group

The Intel Software and Services Group (SSG) connects Intel to the worldwide
software community. SSG strives to bring competitive advantage to Intel
platforms by helping independent software vendors, operating system developers,
OEMs, channel members and systems integrators deliver exceptional customer
value and achieve differentiation on Intel? processor technologies. SSG
provides global leadership to the software community through its technical
expertise, industry enabling activities, and developer products and programs.


Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color,
religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital
status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any
other legally protected status.
Apply Now    
[VK1pW]

What would you like to do now?

Connect with Us

Get Job Alerts

Get started
Student Center

Find out more about working at Intel

Learn more
Education

Jobs@Intel Blog

Learn more
?
?
[intel-logo]

Our application process will be temporarily impacted while we make some
upgrades to our application software. You will be unable to complete the
application process during this period. We expect full site functionality to
return on November 2nd. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for
your patience.

In the meantime, we encourage you to sign up for our talent network. As a
member, you will receive news and advice from our recruiters, as well as job
alerts tailored to your specific skillset. We will also alert you when this
maintenance is complete and the application process is back online.

Grow your network of opportunities

Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Glassdoor Instagram Intel Student Spot
Intel

  * Company Information
  * Our Commitment
  * Investor Relations
  * Contact Us
  * Newsroom
  * Site Map
  * Jobs

  *  
  *  
  *  
  *  
  *  

  * ? Intel Corporation
  * Terms of Use
  * *Trademarks
  * Privacy
  * Cookies
  * Supply Chain Transparency
  * Powered by SmashFly

Intel
