[torchheade]

  * About Us
      + Board of Directors
      + Community
      + Company Profile
      + Core Attributes
      + Corporate Officers
      + Corporate Recognition
      + Letter from the CEO
      + Mission Statement
  * News
      + News & Press Releases
      + Feature Articles
      + Media
  * Solutions
      + Advanced Technologies
      + Information Assurance
      + Information Technology
      + Modeling and Simulation
      + Program Support
      + Prototyping
      + Software Development
      + Systems Engineering
      + Test and Evaluation
  * Contracts
      + AMCOM Express
      + D3I Domain 2
      + GSA
      + GSA OASIS
      + MiDAESS
      + SeaPort-e
  * Employees
      + Time and Expense
      + Employee Intranet
      + WebMail
      + Fidelity Login
      + Password Manager
  * Careers
      + Current Openings
      + Manage My Application
      + Benefits
      + Why Choose Torch
  * Contact Us
      + Locations
      + Public Affairs
      + Selling To Torch
      + Teaming With Torch
      + Comments

Current Openings

Torch maintains an excellent work environment that includes competitive
compensation, outstanding benefits, and rewarding work assignments with major
opportunities for advancement. This could be your opportunity to join a
growing, fast-paced company that is setting standards for superior technical
services. To be considered for employment opportunities, you must complete an
online application.

Applicants may be subject to government security investigations and must be
able to access classified information. Qualified applicants are considered for
all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national orgin,
age, marital status, veteran status, or the presence of a non-job related
medical condition or disability. Torch Technologies is an Equal Opportunity /
Affirmative Action Employer. Contact us as
human.resources@torchtechnologies.com.

[people2_le]

  * Manage My Application

    Already applied? Click here to manage your online application.

  * Apply for the First Time

    Are you interested in this position? Apply online today for consideration.
    You may update your application at any time.

  * Refer a Friend

    Do you know someone who's qualified for this position? Help them out by
    sending a referral.

  * See All Openings

    See a complete list of our current career openings.

  * Why Choose Torch?

    Find out more about our award-winning benefits, our culture of employee
    ownership, and the strong ties we have to our local communities.

Computational Physicist / Data Analyst (Full-time)

Huntsville, AL

Torch Technologies is seeking an intermediate to senior level scientist/
engineer to fill an immediate opening for a computational physics/data analyst
position.  Primary duties will involve the analysis of EO/IR data collected on
hypervelocity impact and warhead detonation experiments, and the development of
physical models to describe the phenomenology associated with these events.  A
successful candidate will possess an understanding and background in the one or
more of the following areas:

  * Material Physics

  * Fragmentation Models

  * EO/IR Radiation Transport Theory

  * Image Processing

  * Aerosol Physics

  * Combustion Chemistry

  * Fluid Dynamics

Good computational software skills are required.  Experience with Linux,
Matlab, Java, C++, and FORTRAN is desired.

A Bachelor's Degrre in engineering, physics, or similar technical discipline
and 5+ years related experience is required.

A well-suited candidate will be self-motivated, with good communication skills
(oral and written) and capable of working both in a small team and
unsupervised. 

Position may require travel.

Position requires that candidate possess an active security clearance in order
to access classified information.  Inability to maintain a security clearance
will result in candidate being ineligible for this position.

See a complete list of our current career openings...


If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you
have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or
limited in your ability to use or access https://jobs.torchtechnologies.com/
careers/ as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable
accommodations by calling 256-319-7549 or by sending an email to 
human.resources@torchtechnologies.com. Thanks for your interest in Torch
Technologies.

Application Instructions

To apply for the first time, select an announcement and click apply for the
first time on the menu to the left. If you have already applied, you may edit
or update an existing application by clicking Manage My Application on the
menu.

E-Verify

Torch Technologies on Facebook Torch Technologies on Twitter Torch Technologies
on LinkedIn Torch Technologies YouTube Channel Torch Technologies News Feed
Lighting the Pathway to Sustain our Nation's Freedom

tel: 256.319.6000
4035 Chris Drive, Huntsville, AL 35802
Torch Technologies, Inc. &copy 2017
